Title: Will Meta Platforms' New Artificial Intelligence (AI) Model Spark a Rally?
Date: 2026-04-13 17:20
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/13/will-meta-platforms-new-artificial-intelligence-ai/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Meta Platforms recently unveiled a new artificial intelligence (AI) model that is efficient and performs well when compared to other chatbots.
Meta Platforms(META+0.76%)is aiming to be a big player in artificial intelligence (AI). Its applications are already widely used by billions of people every day, and AI could make them more useful. It may also help the business unlock more opportunities to grow its revenue at a high rate in the future.
It has been investing billions into AI and created a new segment last year, Superintelligence Labs. Recently, the company unveiled its latest AI model, which, according to its data, puts it on par with other leading chatbots. Could this help thetech stock, which is down 5% this year, go on a rally?
Image source: Getty Images.
Meta's new AI model, Muse Spark, reportedly does well on many key benchmarks when compared against ChatGPT, Grok, and other popular models. The company also claims its model is more efficient than others and requires less computing power. Investors appeared to be bullish on the new model, with the stock rising on the news.
The company has been investing heavily in AI, and the big test will be whether or not its AI model will be profitable and unlock significant growth potential for the business. Customers these days have many options to choose from, and even OpenAI has struggled with profitability despite surging popularity for ChatGPT. Meta's focus on efficiency is a good strategy, but whether Muse Spark will help grow the company's earnings is by no means a certainty.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Meta also doesn't have the greatest track record when it comes to spending heavily on tech, as it has invested billions in the metaverse, which has been nothing but a drain on its financials. The risk is that its AI strategy may end up going down the same path.
The launch of a new and competitive AI model may be encouraging news for Meta investors, but it's far from being a game changer for the business. The vast number of AI models available these days is only going to make it more difficult for the company to turn a profit, as intense competition is not great for margins. That's why I wouldn't buy the tech stock on this news, and I doubt that it will lead to a longer-term rally.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is968%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2026.
At 27 times earnings, Meta's stock is trading at aricher valuationthan theS&P 500average of 24. Although its growth rate has remained strong in recent quarters, the uncertainty around high-tech spending and legal battles involving child safety makes the stock a bit too rich for the risk that it contains; I'd take a wait-and-see approach with Meta Platforms.




Before you buy stock inMeta Platforms, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andMeta Platformswasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2026.

David Jagielski, CPAhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Meta Platforms. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2026.

