Title: The More Artificial Intelligence (AI) Models That Come Out, the More I'm Convinced Apple Has the Right Strategy
Date: 2026-04-13 18:20
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/13/the-more-artificial-intelligence-ai-models-that-co/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Apple could save a ton of money by simply being patient.
A big criticism ofApple(AAPL0.50%)has been that its artificial intelligence (AI) rollout has been slow. Investors are concerned that it's falling behind its rivals, it's not innovating enough, and that its sluggish AI strategy could hurt the stock.
But the market is being increasingly flooded with new AI models, with the most recent one coming from social media giantMeta Platforms. It can be challenging for consumers to even know the differences between all of them and which one is truly the best.
While Apple may appear to be slow in launching AI features for its iPhones, its approach to AI may prove to be the best one in the end.
Image source: Getty Images.
In the AI arms race, there's onetech companythat's standing apart from the pack, and that's Apple. It's only planning to spend around $14 billion on capital expenditures this year, while other tech giants ramp up significantly. Meta, for instance, projects it might spend up to $135 billion as it invests heavily in AI.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Taking a more conservative approach may not necessarily be a bad one for the company. Investors only need to look back to the DeepSeek AI controversy that emerged last year to see how quickly a company may be able to develop an advanced AI model through distillation. While that might not be a recipe for catching up to the competition, it may allow a company to get very close. But even if it's not an AI model Apple wants to develop, overall AI-related costs may come down as efficiencies improve in the tech sector.
By not spending aggressively, Apple can more carefully pick its spots for investment and, as opportunities arise in the future, make a big move when and where it makes sense to do so.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is968%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2026.
It may take Apple longer to roll out cutting-edge AI features across its products and services than rivals, but the company has shown it's in no rush to do so. And realistically, it doesn't need to, either. It has a vast ecosystem of products and services, making it difficult for someone to leave simply because Siri hasn't received an update in a while.
The company can be more selective about the capabilities it wants to invest in and offer to its customers, while also prioritizing safety and privacy. Apple's growth strategy may not be an aggressive one, but it has been working for the business when looking at the longer term, and I believe it'll continue to play out that way for the company.
As long as you're willing to just buy and hold, Apple can be agreat stock to own, even if it's not rushing out to invest heavily in AI.




Before you buy stock inApple, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andApplewasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2026.

David Jagielski, CPAhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Apple and Meta Platforms and is short shares of Apple. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2026.

