Title: J.P.Morgan, Morgan Stanley urge buying the dip as US earnings stay resilient
Date: 2026-04-13 15:38
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/j-p-morgan-morgan-stanley-153806163.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
April 13 (Reuters) - Wall Street brokerages J.P.Morgan and Morgan Stanley said recent market weakness has created opportunities for long-term investors, arguing that resilient corporate earnings growth could cushion the ‌fallout from the Middle East conflict.
Hopes of a de-escalation in the conflict have lifted the ‌S&P 500 nearly 8% from a seven-month low it hit in March, after fears that an oil price shock stemming from the ​closure of the Strait of Hormuz would stoke inflation and deepen economic uncertainty.
Which sectors are strategists currently favoring?
Why are earnings expectations rising despite geopolitical tensions?
What opportunities do brokerages see in recent market weakness?
How has the Middle East conflict affected stock performance?
The benchmark index advanced nL4N40W10M slightly on Monday even as weekend talks between the U.S. and Iran failed to deliver a deal to end the war.
"Our base case remains that any further escalation is unlikely to be sustained indefinitely, and that dips ‌driven by geopolitical shocks should ultimately ⁠prove to be buying opportunities," J.P.Morgan said in a note led by strategist Mislav Matejka.
The benchmark U.S. index dropped as much as 8% since the U.S.-Israel war ⁠against Iran broke out, stopping short of confirming it is in correction territory - a 10% drop from record close levels.
Reviving the safe haven appeal of U.S. stocks, the S&P 500 still outperformed Europe's STOXX 600, which fell as ​much ​as over 11%, and MSCI's index tracking emerging market ​equities, which confirmed correction territory.
Morgan Stanley strategists led ‌by Michael Wilson said the recent selloff in the U.S. S&P 500 looked more like a correction than the start of a prolonged downturn, and attributed the support to improving earnings growth and healthier valuations.
Earnings expectations have continued to increase despite the conflict. The earnings growth rate estimate for the S&P 500 stood at 13.9% for the first quarter of 2026 as of April 10, compared with estimates of ‌a 12.7% rise before the war broke out, per LSEG ​I/B/E/S data.
Goldman Sachs struck a similar tone in early March, ​warning of near-term "correction risks" to global stocks but ​saying there was little room for a bear market nL4N3ZS17J.
Morgan Stanley said it ‌continues to favor cyclical sectors such as financials, ​industrials and consumer discretionary ​goods and also quality growth stocks such as AI hyperscalers.
J.P.Morgan also noted that the valuation premium for the so-called "Magnificent Seven" cohort of stocks had narrowed sharply, with their forward price-to-earnings ratio for ​the group falling to 1.2x the ‌S&P 500 from 1.7x.
Morgan Stanley had downgraded global equities nL4N40I0GY late in March, while J.P.Morgan ​reiterated its preference for international equities over the United States in its latest note.
(Reporting ​by Purvi Agarwal in Bengaluru; Editing by Devika Syamnath)
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
