Title: JPM or MS: Which Stock Looks More Compelling Ahead of Q1 Earnings?
Date: 2026-04-13 13:36
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/jpm-ms-stock-looks-more-133600257.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
The first-quarter earnings season for the banking sector begins this week, putting the spotlight on industry heavyweights likeJPMorganJPM andMorgan StanleyMS. As investors assess the investment opportunity, differences in business mix, earnings momentum and valuation may prove crucial in determining which bank is better positioned to outperform in the near term.With that in mind, let’s take a closer look at how JPM and MS are expected to perform this quarter and which stock appears to be the smarter pick right now.
As the largest U.S. bank, JPMorgan’s earnings (slated to be announced tomorrow) are closely watched for signals on the broader financial sector and serve as a bellwether for other banks’ performance for the quarter. Like 2025, this time, its earnings are expected to be driven by strong investment banking (IB) and trading, as well as a robust lending scenario.As the Federal Reserve kept interest rates unchanged during the to-be-reported quarter, stabilizing deposit/funding costs and solid demand for commercial and industrial and consumer loans are likely to have supported JPM’s net interest income (NII). The Zacks Consensus Estimate for NII (reported) of $25.6 billion suggests a 10.1% year-over-year rise. Also, the company expects the metric to be almost $104.5 billion for 2026, up 9% from $95.9 billion in 2025.Further, global deal-making activities and the underwriting business were impressive during the quarter. However, the Middle Eastern conflict and the ensuing uncertainty about its impact on the economy could affect the capital markets business in the coming days. Nonetheless, JPMorgan’s leadership in the space is likely to support the corresponding fee growth. For the first quarter of 2026, management expects IB fees to rise in the mid-teen percentage, potentially trending toward the high teens.Similarly, markets revenues are likely to have improved in the first quarter as client activity and market volatility were strong. JPMorgan expects markets revenues in the first quarter to increase at a mid-teens percentage rate on a year-over-year basis. The consensus estimate for both equity and fixed income markets revenues indicates a double-digit growth rate.Coming to expenses, as JPM expands through opening new branches and launching the product suite, along with technology upgrades to strengthen digital offerings, operating expenses are likely to remain elevated. Management expects adjusted non-interest expense to be $105 billion for this year, up from $96 billion in 2025.
Morgan Stanley, set to report first-quarter earnings on April 15, has been diversifying its operations and lowering its reliance on the capital markets for income generation to create a more balanced revenue stream across market cycles. The company’s increased focus on investment and wealth management, along with its strategic alliances and acquisitions, offers support.As of Dec. 31, 2025, total client assets reached $9.3 trillion, bringing the company closer to its longstanding $10 trillion asset management target set by former CEO James Gorman. The individual retirement account (IRA) AUM in the wealth management arm has crossed the $1 trillion mark, highlighting strong momentum across advisor-led, workplace and self-directed channels, underscoring Morgan Stanley’s growing scale in the retirement savings market.In the first quarter, Morgan Stanley is likely to have delivered a strong IB performance based on the favorable operating backdrop. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for IB income of $2.02 billion indicates a year-over-year jump of 29.5%. Likewise, Morgan Stanley’s trading business is expected to have been solid in the first quarter of 2026, supported by increased client activity and market volatility. Similar to JPM, the consensus estimate for both equity and fixed income trading income indicates double-digit growth.Additionally, Morgan Stanley’s partnership with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. will keep supporting profitability and solidify its position in Japan’s market. The company’s Asia region revenues surged 23% year over year to $9.42 billion in 2025. A similar trend is expected to continue this year, too.Despite Morgan Stanley’s restructuring and streamlining efforts, overall expenses have been increasing. Expenses are expected to remain elevated due to the steady increase in revenues (leading to higher compensation costs) and inflation, as well as the company’s investments in franchise, technology and inorganic expansion efforts.
In the first quarter of 2026, shares of JPMorgan and Morgan Stanley lost 8.7% and 7.3%, respectively.
JPM & MS 1Q26 Price Performance
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
JPM lagged the Zacks Investment Bank industry and the S&P 500 Index. On the other hand, MS has underperformed the broader index while faring better than the industry.In terms of valuation, JPMorgan is currently trading at a 12-month forward price-to-earnings (P/E) of 13.94X. MS stock, on the other hand, is currently trading at a 12-month forward P/E of 15.19X.
P/E F12M
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Further, JPM and Morgan Stanley are trading at a premium compared with the industry average of 13.29X. So, JPMorgan is inexpensive compared to Morgan Stanley.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for JPM’s revenues implies a 7.2% year-over-year rise, with earnings expected to grow 7.7%. Quarterly earnings estimates have moved lower over the past week.
Estimate Revision
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
On the contrary, analysts are more bullish on Morgan Stanley’s prospects. The consensus mark for quarterly revenues suggests a year-over-year jump of 11.9%. Also, the consensus estimate for earnings suggests a 17.7% increase. Earnings estimates have been revised lower over the past seven days.
Estimate Revision
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
JPMorgan looks like the better pre-earnings bet because it combines stronger balance sheet-driven earnings visibility with solid capital markets momentum at a cheaper valuation. Its quarterly setup is supported by expected 10.1% year-over-year NII growth, mid- to high-teens IB fee growth and mid-teens markets revenue growth, highlighting a more diversified and resilient earnings profile.Morgan Stanley should deliver healthy results, but its high dependence on fee-based businesses and premium valuation make the risk-reward less attractive than JPM. Even though MS has stronger near-term growth estimates, JPMorgan offers a better mix of scale, earnings durability and relative value heading into first-quarter 2026 results.At present, JPMorgan and Morgan Stanley carry a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Morgan Stanley (MS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
