Title: Goldman Q1 Earnings Beat on Record Equities Revenues, Shares Fall
Date: 2026-04-13 15:03
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/goldman-q1-earnings-beat-record-150300757.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.GS has reported first-quarter 2026 earnings per share of $17.55, which topped the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 7.4%. The metric also rose 4.3% from $14.12 a year ago.
Driven by the volatile market, Goldman posted record net revenues in Equities of $5.33 billion, which rose 27% from a year ago, while its fixed income, currencies, and commodities intermediation business, revenue fell 10% year over year to $4.01 billion. A solid dealmaking activity led investment banking (IB) fees to jump 48% to $2.84 billion in the quarter. Advisory fees saw a remarkable 89% increase in the first quarter, driven by higher completed mergers and acquisitions volumes.
Goldman’s overall results have benefited from solid revenue growth in the Global Banking & Markets, and Asset & Wealth Management divisions while profitability was underscored by an annualized return on equity (ROE) of 19.8%.  However, rise in expenses and provision for credit losses were headwinds. Shares of the company fell nearly 4% in the early trading session. A full day’s trading session will depict a clearer picture.
Net earnings attributable to common shareholders were $5.40 billion, up 18% year over year.
Net revenues were $17.23 billion, marking a 14.4% year-over-year increase and beating the consensus mark by 1.5%.
On the cost side, operating expenses were $10.43 billion, up 14% year over year. Management attributed the increase largely to significantly higher transaction-based expenses and higher compensation and benefits costs, reflecting improved operating performance.
Even with higher costs, the efficiency ratio in the first quarter of 2026 was essentially unchanged at 60.5%, indicating that the revenue momentum broadly kept pace with expense growth.
Provision for credit losses was $315 million, up from $287 million in the year-ago quarter, and was attributed primarily to growth and impairments related to wholesale loans. This contrasted with the prior quarter, which benefited from a large reserve reduction related to the Apple Card loan transfer.
Asset & Wealth Management business generated net revenues of $4.08 billion, up 10% from the prior-year quarter. The improvement primarily reflected higher management and other fees, which benefited from higher average assets under supervision, partially offset by softer Private banking and lending, driven by lower deposit spreads related to Marcus deposits.
The quarter also featured continued scale gains in the franchise. Total assets under supervision increased to a record $3.65 trillion at the quarter’s end, with $87 billion of total net inflows and $62 billion of long-term net inflows, spanning wealth management, third-party distributed and institutional channels.
Global Banking & Markets business produced net revenues of $12.74 billion in the quarter, up 19% from the year-ago period. The improvement was driven by a rise in net revenues in Equities (including an increase in net revenues in financing) and advisory revenues. However, lower fixed income, currency and commodities offset the rise.
Platform Solutions business posted net revenues of $411 million for the quarter compared with $610 million a year ago. The decline was attributed to net markdowns in net revenues tied to the Apple Card loan portfolio, which had been transferred to held for sale in 2025.
Goldman ended first-quarter 2026 with total assets of $2.06 trillion versus $1.81 trillion at the end of fourth quarter 2025, while deposits rose to $561 billion from $501 billion in the prior quarter.
Capital ratios moved lower sequentially. The standardized CET1 capital ratio was 12.5% at March 31, 2026, down from 14.3% in the fourth quarter of 2025. The supplementary leverage ratio was 4.6% versus 5.2% in the prior quarter.
In the quarter, the firm returned $6.38 billion in capital to common shareholders, including $5 billion in common share repurchases and $1.38 billion in common stock dividends.
Goldman’s first-quarter 2026 results reflect continued strength in trading and investment banking, supported by active client engagement and improving deal activity. Solid equities and advisory performance drove earnings growth. However, elevated expenses remain near-term concerns. Still, the firm’s robust capital position, diversified revenue base and its leadership position in the IB business will support long-term growth. Also, the company's recent acquisition of Industry Ventures and Innovator Capital Management solidify its position in the global alternatives market and position it well for future growth.
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Price, Consensus and EPS Surprise

The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Quote
Currently, Goldman carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
JPMorganJPM is scheduled to report first-quarter 2026 results on April 14.
Over the past 30 days, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for JPM’s quarterly earnings has been revised downward to $5.46. The estimated figure indicates 7.7% growth from the prior-year quarter.
Morgan StanleyMS is slated to announce first-quarter 2026 results on April 15.
Over the past 30 days, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for MS’ quarterly earnings has been revised downward to $3.06. This implies a 17.7% rise from the prior-year quarter.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (GS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Morgan Stanley (MS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
