Title: 3 charts reveal how delusional Wall Street is being about the Middle East conflict
Date: 2026-04-13 13:59
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/3-charts-reveal-how-delusional-wall-street-is-being-about-the-middle-east-conflict-135911363.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Wall Street is often an optimistic bunch when it comes to estimating future sales and profits from corporate America.
But even when considering that ingrained tendency, what's on display right now from the Street borders on absurdity. And it puts investors at risk for a harsh reality check as earnings begin to kick into overdrive soon.
Per a new projection from RBC Capital Markets (see charts below), the S&P 500's per-share dollar value in the 2026 fourth quarter is expected to be $324. That has improved significantly since the start of the earnings reporting season, when it was at $313.
Meanwhile, the bottom-up consensus forecast includes some operating margin expansion for the S&P 500 this year — and revenue growth of 9%.
The projected year-over-year growth rate for earnings per share in the fourth quarter is 16.6%, up from the 12.6% growth rate anticipated for 2025.
All three charts from RBC reflect a Wall Street almost forgetting the backdrop S&P 500 companies are currently operating in, which is likely to continue for a few more quarters.
That is a US at war with Iran since Feb. 28, which has brought skyrocketing oil and gas prices and fresh signs of economic uncertainty.
Over the past five days, oil prices have undergone a volatile relief-and-retreat cycle as the market reacted to shifting geopolitical developments in the Middle East.
After peaking near $120 a barrel during the height of Operation Epic Fury, prices plunged sharply early last week. WTI crude fell about 13%, and Brent crude dropped to approximately $94.26 by Friday night following the announcement of a temporary ceasefire.
However, as of today, that downward trend is reversing again amid the collapse of high-level peace talks over the weekend.
Oil prices have spiked to $103 a barrel on Monday.
Regular unleaded gas prices hit a national average of $4.16 a gallon on April 8, thehighest since the summer of 2022.
"With the U.S. not coming to agreement or terms with Iran, it is likely that the Strait [of Hormuz] will remain under their control and that oil prices and thus gasoline, diesel and jet fuel prices keep rising due to the likely continued closure of the Strait," GasBuddy head of petroleum analysis Patrick De Haan warned.
Read more:What an extended war with Iran could mean for gas prices
In early April, the University of Michigan’s Consumer Sentiment Index tanked to a record low of 47.6, down from 53.3 in March. This is the lowest reading since the survey began in 1952, with consumers calling out the Iran conflict and soaring gas prices as the main reasons for their pessimism.
From a corporate perspective, although it's early, earnings season hasn't gotten off to a resounding start to justify super bullish Wall Street modeling.
Constellation Brands (STZ) and Delta (DAL) last week struck cautious tones.
Constellation Brands — the US maker of Modelo and Corona beers — withdrew its previously issued fiscal 2028 outlook. It reported slightly weaker demand as consumers navigate high prices everywhere.
Meanwhile, industrial grease maker WD-40 (WDFC) warned that a cost surge is coming because of higher oil prices.
"Subsequent to our quarter end, recent geopolitical developments in the Middle East have contributed to the increased cost of certain petroleum-based specialty chemicals and other input costs, which will impact our cost of products sold," executives told analysts on its earnings call.
"We still have an Overweight in areas like industrials and technology, but this is where it's going to be somewhat messy. And if it does [the war] escalate, you want to have some hedge within portfolios. And we think the energy sector does that now," Truist chief investment officer Keith Lerner said onYahoo Finance's Opening Bid.
"I expect things to be messy," he said. "But the other thing to just keep in mind is markets tend to bottom when there's peak uncertainty. If you wait for clarity, the market's already moved."
Lerner's respect for the market backdrop is much appreciated.
Brian Sozziis Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor and a member of Yahoo Finance's editorial leadership team. Follow Sozzi on X@BrianSozzi,Instagram, andLinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
