Title: Bond traders snap back to inflation as higher-for-longer sets in
Date: 2026-04-12 19:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/policy/articles/bond-traders-snap-back-inflation-190000414.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
(Bloomberg) — An increasingly fragile ceasefire between the US and Iran is returning the bond market’s focus to inflation and reinforcing expectations that interest rates will stay higher for longer.
Risk that higher energy costs will add to already elevated price pressures, delaying Federal Reserve rate cuts, is front of mind for investors in the $31 trillion Treasuries complex after talks ended without a peace agreement. Traders and strategists at Pacific Investment Management Co., Brandywine Global Investment Management, and Natixis North America are bracing for yields to remain elevated — and many are reluctant to make big shifts in their allocations until there is greater clarity on the inflation outlook.
Friday’s release of inflation data for March showed consumer prices jumped the most on a monthly basis since 2022. That pushed 10-year Treasury yields above 4.3% and prompted traders to trim bets on rate cuts this year.
“The pendulum does shift back to inflation,” said John Briggs, head of US rates strategy at Natixis. “The jobs market is stable at best and structurally it’s not very dynamic, but for now inflation is on the docket.”
The shift underscores how quickly the market narrative has turned: With oil prices well above pre-conflict levels, inflation is becoming harder to ignore. For many investors, who must also contend with the possibility that a protracted conflict will eventually drag on economic growth, the more immediate question is how long elevated energy costs will continue to feed through to consumer prices.
The labor market, meanwhile, remains on solid footing. Payrolls rose in March by the most since late 2024, while the unemployment rate dipped to 4.3%, further complicating the case for imminent easing.
Kevin Flanagan, head of investment strategy at WisdomTree, said it will take “at least three months to see a clean read on inflation.” With inflation still about one percentage point above the Fed’s target and unemployment holding near 4.5%, he added, the central bank “has less urgency to consider rate cuts from here.”
Traders have already adjusted their expectations, pushing back expectations for the next quarter-point Fed cut until mid-2027. Before the war, they had priced two cuts this year. The Fed has held rates steady since December, when it lowered the policy range to 3.5%–3.75%.
Lingering questions around the pause in fighting, the status of the Strait of Hormuz and the trajectory of oil prices, meanwhile, are keeping pressure on the front end of the Treasury curve, where expectations for monetary policy remain in flux.
“In some ways the Fed’s job has been made marginally easier as they can say there is uncertainty about what will happen to inflation over the medium term,” said Andrew Jackson, head of investments at asset manager Vontobel. A Fed “highly likely to pause for longer than previously expected” makes the three- to five-year part of the curve more attractive, he said.
Others are content to stay on the sidelines for now.
“If the ceasefire persists and oil continues to underperform, markets will shift focus back to labor market,” said Jack McIntyre, portfolio manager at Brandywine Global Investment Management, who remains underweight Treasuries. “If the facts change, we will shift our view pretty quickly.”
The March inflation report showed prices rose 0.9% on the month, driven largely by a spike in gasoline, while core prices — which exclude food and energy — came in slightly below forecasts. The increase was broadly in line with expectations, with companies including Delta Air Lines Inc. and the US Postal Service already signaling price hikes.
“The Fed would need to see both the spike and a few reports of moderation before it would feel comfortable continuing to cut, in the absence of any growth deterioration,” said Molly Brooks, US rates strategist at TD Securities. “Both of the Fed’s mandates are becoming more equally weighted, though recent labor market prints showed resilience in the labor market.”
Minutes from the Fed’s March 17-18 meeting showed officials saw two-sided risks before the conflict, with the “vast majority” citing both upside risks to inflation and downside risks to employment.
That tension is now being sharpened by the jump in energy prices, which have caused a “supply-side inflationary shock,” said Daniel Ivascyn, chief investment officer at Pimco.
“For the time being, it’s a legitimate market risk that inflation remains elevated and you see weakness more broadly across financial assets,” he said. The firm favors higher-quality bonds while looking to capitalize on any market dislocations.
Amid the shifting outlook for Fed policy, one anchor remains: the 10-year Treasury yield has largely fluctuated between 4% and 4.5% and averaging around 4.25% since mid-2023.
“There’s still a lot of uncertainty, and the 10-year is back in the middle of its long-term range,” said WisdomTree’s Flanagan.
—With assistance from Edward Bolingbroke.
More stories like this are available onbloomberg.com
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
