Title: I hate to be the bad guy on the stock market
Date: 2026-04-12 12:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/i-hate-to-be-the-bad-guy-on-the-stock-market-123027225.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
This is The Takeaway from today's Morning Brief, which you cansign upto receive in your inbox every morning along with:
What we're watching
What we're reading
Economic data releases and earnings
I want to be the jolly guy on stocks after this long week.
Really, I do — it's more in line with my nature.
Why are Wall Street analysts concerned about valuations?
How are consumer spending patterns impacting company guidance?
How is the US-Iran ceasefire affecting market sentiment?
What do recent corporate earnings reveal about outlook?
But I can't.
And I'll give you my reasons why.
One, what has fundamentally improved, business-wise, now that there's some form of US-Iran ceasefire? Umm, nothing?
Ships are not ripping through the Strait of Hormuz. Oil prices continue to be elevated. The president says he's already looking for his next geographical conquest. Investors still aren't tripping over themselves to buy beat-up tech names because of AI spending concerns.
Wall Street continues to see corporate earnings potential this year through rose-colored glasses. The next few weeks of US economic data could show inflation breakouts.
The stock market's valuation is far from compelling. No one on the Street is rushing to take profits on defensive trades — such as oil — that have worked well since the war began.
"We still have an Overweight in areas like industrials and technology, but this is where it's going to be somewhat messy. And if it does [the war] escalate, you want to have some hedge within portfolios. And we think the energy sector does that now," Truist chief investment officer Keith Lerner said onYahoo Finance's Opening Bid(video above).
"I expect things to be messy," he said. "But the other thing to just keep in mind is markets tend to bottom when there's peak uncertainty. If you wait for clarity, the market's already moved."
Agreed on the messy aspect.
Want me to stop? Too bad, I'm not going to.
From a corporate perspective, I haven't liked the super-early vibe around earnings.
Constellation Brands (STZ) joined Delta (DAL) this week in striking a cautious tone.
Constellation Brands — the US maker of Modelo and Corona beers — withdrew its previously issued fiscal 2028 outlook late Wednesday. It reported slightly weaker demand as consumers navigate high prices everywhere. I get that the company's wine business has long been sucking, but taking guidance off the table? Not good.
If these two earnings reports scream "bull market back on" for stocks, maybe I need to go back to being a golf caddy. Maybe I can caddy for Tiger Woods when he returns to the Masters in 2027.
The best earnings report of the week? Levi Strauss (LEVI) crushed it. Thank you,Love Story.
But even there, I didn't come away feeling warm and fuzzy.
"It's [the ceasefire] a sigh of relief, clearly," Levi's chief financial and growth officer Harmit Singhtold me on Opening Bid. "But we are all learning to live with macro uncertainty. And we also realize that as wallets get tighter, as consumer confidence is a little volatile, we have to work harder to earn our consumers' trust,"
Maybe next week I'll feel better about things. Today, no dice.
Brian Sozziis Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor and a member of Yahoo Finance's editorial leadership team. Follow Sozzi on X@BrianSozzi,Instagram, andLinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
