Title: Here's Why Delta Air Lines (NYSE:DAL) Has Caught The Eye Of Investors
Date: 2026-04-12 12:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/heres-why-delta-air-lines-120013167.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Investors are often guided by the idea of discovering 'the next big thing', even if that means buying 'story stocks' without any revenue, let alone profit. Unfortunately, these high risk investments often have little probability of ever paying off, and many investors pay a price to learn their lesson. Loss-making companies are always racing against time to reach financial sustainability, so investors in these companies may be taking on more risk than they should.
If this kind of company isn't your style, you like companies that generate revenue, and even earn profits, then you may well be interested inDelta Air Lines(NYSE:DAL). Even if this company is fairly valued by the market, investors would agree that generating consistent profits will continue to provide Delta Air Lines with the means to add long-term value to shareholders.
Trump has pledged to "unleash" American oil and gas and these 15 US stocks have developments that are poised to benefit.
If you believe that markets are even vaguely efficient, then over the long term you'd expect a company's share price to follow its earnings per share (EPS) outcomes. That means EPS growth is considered a real positive by most successful long-term investors. It certainly is nice to see that Delta Air Lines has managed to grow EPS by 32% per year over three years. As a general rule, we'd say that if a company can keep upthatsort of growth, shareholders will be beaming.
One way to double-check a company's growth is to look at how its revenue, and earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) margins are changing. It's noted that Delta Air Lines' revenuefrom operationswas lower than its revenue in the last twelve months, so that could distort our analysis of its margins. EBIT margins for Delta Air Lines remained fairly unchanged over the last year, however the company should be pleased to report its revenue growth for the period of 5.2% to US$65b. That's a real positive.
In the chart below, you can see how the company has grown earnings and revenue, over time. For finer detail, click on the image.
See our latest analysis for Delta Air Lines
The trick, as an investor, is to find companies that aregoing toperform well in the future, not just in the past. While crystal balls don't exist, you can checkour visualization of consensus analyst forecasts for Delta Air Lines' future EPS100% free.
We would not expect to see insiders owning a large percentage of a US$44b company like Delta Air Lines. But thanks to their investment in the company, it's pleasing to see that there are still incentives to align their actions with the shareholders. Notably, they have an enviable stake in the company, worth US$248m. We note that this amounts to 0.6% of the company, which may be small owing to the sheer size of Delta Air Lines but it's still worth mentioning. So despite their percentage holding being low, company management still have plenty of reasons to deliver the best outcomes for investors.
If you believe that share price follows earnings per share you should definitely be delving further into Delta Air Lines' strong EPS growth. This EPS growth rate is something the company should be proud of, and so it's no surprise that insiders are holding on to a considerable chunk of shares. On the balance of its merits, solid EPS growth and company insiders who are aligned with the shareholders would indicate a business that is worthy of further research. What about risks? Every company has them, and we've spotted2 warning signs for Delta Air Linesyou should know about.
While opting for stocks without growing earnings and absent insider buying can yield results, for investors valuing these key metrics, here isa carefully selected list of companies in the US with promising growth potential and insider confidence.
Please note the insider transactions discussed in this article refer to reportable transactions in the relevant jurisdiction.
Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content?Get in touchwith us directly.Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature.We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice.It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
