Title: Iran War Ceasefire: 3 Stocks to Buy Now
Date: 2026-04-12 00:09
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/11/iran-war-ceasefire-3-stocks-to-buy-now/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The U.S. and Iran recently announced a two-week ceasefire in hopes of reaching a broader agreement that would put an end to the war.
After weeks of intense bombing in the Middle East, the U.S. and Iran have come to a two-week ceasefire in hopes of negotiating a broader agreement between the two countries that would lead to a more lasting peace. As of this writing on April 9, shortly after the ceasefire announcement, the temporary truce seemed fragile, with several parties accusing one another of violating the agreement.
While the situation remains fluid, it's certainly progress after a difficult six weeks for investors, who've had to navigate the constantly changing situation. Given that some progress has been made, here are three stocks to buy now.
Image source: Getty Images.
Following the start of the conflict, which led Iran to more or less close the Strait of Hormuz, through which one-fifth of the world's daily oil supply flows under normal circumstances, oil prices skyrocketed, leading to higher jet fuel prices forairlines. In fact, onDelta's(DAL1.14%)recent earnings conference call, CEO Ed Bastian said the airline expects fuel costs to be $2 billion higher in the current quarter due to the oil surge.
However, that may be alleviated somewhat if the U.S. and Iran can maintain the ceasefire and work toward a broader agreement. Delta said it is forecasting all-in fuel costs of $4.30 per gallon in the second quarter, so those estimates may prove too high, potentially boosting the airline's second-quarter results.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Despite the Iran war, Bastian also said that demand for travel among its customers remains robust, and customers continue to spend on add-ons such as seats with more space. The company beat its first-quarter earnings and revenue estimates and is still guiding for $1 billion of pre-tax earnings in the current quarter, despite the headwinds from oil.
Investors can buy the stock on fundamental strength and, hopefully, continued progress in the Middle East, which would lead to lower fuel prices.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
The tech andartificial intelligencegiantMicrosoft(MSFT+3.64%)just closed out its worst quarter since 2008. The stock is down 20% this year. The Iran war created a risk-off environment for large tech and AI, due to concerns that data centers in the Middle East could be attacked and to higher costs of running any business resulting from supply chain disruptions stemming from the closure of the Strait of Hormuz.
Microsoft has also struggled, as investors have grown increasingly concerned about the AI sector. Concerns include the AI capital expenditure supercycle eventually slowing down, and hyperscalers like Microsoft not being able to generate good returns on all this AI infrastructure spending. Microsoft's AI assistant, Copilot, has also struggled to gain traction among Microsoft 365 customers, leading to lower adoption of premium versions.
Still, Microsoft operates many great businesses, including cloud services, enterprise office tools, video games, and social media. The company is also expected to benefit immensely from AI, which isn't going anywhere, and Copilot may gain traction, serving as a strong source of new revenue growth. Trading at about 23.5 times trailing earnings, Microsoft stock is as cheap as it's been since 2017. Earnings are also expected to keep growing at a healthy clip.
Given the ongoing tensions between the U.S. and Iran and across the broader Middle East, it's still a good idea to haveexposure to oil, in case tensions re-escalate. One way to do this is to purchase the Texas-based oil companyExxonMobil(XOM+0.09%).
Following the ceasefire announcement, Exxon's stock dropped amid lower oil futures, but it's still up 26% this year. Furthermore, Exxon stock has generated strong returns in recent years, even with lower oil prices in the $60 to $80 range.
Exxon has lowered expenses and improved its balance sheet by lowering total debt. The company has also invested in its onshore operations in the Permian Basin and offshore operations in Guyana, where it can extract oil that remains profitable at lower prices. Exxon also carries a solid dividend yielding 2.67%, even after strong gains in the stock this year.
Ultimately, oil is a finite resource, so it can serve as a unique diversifier within your portfolio in the long term, regardless of what happens to oil prices in the near term.




Before you buy stock inDelta Air Lines, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andDelta Air Lineswasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

Bram Berkowitzhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Microsoft. The Motley Fool recommends Delta Air Lines. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

