Title: WeWork’s latest comeback bet fits inside a phone booth
Date: 2026-04-13 10:09
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/wework-latest-comeback-bet-fits-100945824.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
In today’s CEO Daily:Diane Brady reports on a new product from a slimmed-downWeWork.
The big leadership story:An AI push didn’t spareIntuitfrom the SaaSpocalypse.
The markets:Mostly down as optimism for a Iran peace deal fades.
Plus:All the news and watercooler chat fromFortune.
Good morning.I’ve long been fascinated with companies that fail, often spectacularly, only to be reborn in a smaller but profitable form. Remember whenLegoslapped its name on so much stuff that italmost went bankrupt? Companies likeGeneral Motors,Delta Air Lines,Starbucks,Apple, and Ford all had to pare back and refocus to get healthy. A more recent example: WeWork.
What is WeWork's new private office pod?
How did WeWork transform after its bankruptcy?
How does current WeWork compare to original?
What business model changes has WeWork made?
It’s launching a private office pod today that’s emblematic of a more focused and asset-light direction for the brand. Normally, I’d pass on getting an ‘exclusive’ on a product launch. But that changed when I saw ‘WeWork Go’ emblazoned on the side of what looks like a transparent phone booth, the company’s first new product since July 2022, when WeWork was still trading for around $5 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Of course, you’ll remember that the coworking companyonce had a $47 billion valuationand cult-like CEO in Adam Neumann who promised to “elevate the world’s consciousness.” That iteration of WeWork became abankrupt cautionary talewith $18 billion in debt in 2023, when Neumann was ousted. (He later triedunsuccessfully to buy the company back.) It’s now a private firm run by CEO John Santora, who spent the first half-century of his career at Cushman & Wakefield.
It’s also, as Santora told me, a profitable company with 550,000 members in more than 600 locations. But many of those locations are now franchised and WeWork now has more than 2,000 third-party coworking partners in its network.
WeWork’s new “private office pod” offers models for single users and a larger pod for up to four people. Santora says you’ll see them in airports, convention centers, hotel lobbies or other high-traffic areas visited by “busy professionals on the move.” Not a breakthrough technology, perhaps, but a smart move from a man who’s navigated the realities of real estate his whole career.
WeWork Go “expands the ability for our people to access our spaces and our technology,” says Santora. He says WeWork still has “that entrepreneurial spirit,” and in the company’s new, slimmed-down era, transparent pods will test whether that culture can thrive on a smaller scale.Contact CEO Daily via Diane Brady atdiane.brady@fortune.com
This story was originally featured onFortune.com
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
