Title: Goldman Says It’s Time to Buy Tech. I’d Start With These Tech Deals
Date: 2026-04-13 13:51
URL: https://247wallst.com/investing/2026/04/13/goldman-says-its-time-to-buy-tech-id-start-with-these-tech-deals/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Investing
Goldman Sachs Chief Equity Strategist Peter Oppenheimer called the tech sector sell-off a rare “buying opportunity.”
Depressed tech valuations offer an entry point for long-term value.
The analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks.Get them here FREE.
Sending You to Google News in3
© Drew Angerer / Getty Images News via Getty Images

Goldman Sachs(NYSE:GS) Chief Equity Strategist Peter Oppenheimer made a very interesting call last week, calling the sell-off a rare “buying opportunity” in U.S. tech stocks. The call was incredibly well-timed as it came right ahead of a big rally in the broad markets as investors grew hopeful over the Iran-U.S. ceasefire.
Of course, just because the stock market has found its way doesn’t mean that the opportunity in tech has come and gone. With AI, once again, causing a panic in software stocks, I do think that Oppenheimer and company are wise to point to the tech sector as a place to get great value for your investment dollar.
While time will tell if the bottom is in for the tech sector, I think it’s hard to argue against the now depressed valuation metrics. From price-to-earnings (P/E) to PEG ratios, tech hasn’t looked this cheap in quite a while.
And as investors stay cautious, even slightly bearish, over high AI capital expenditures, the seemingly dire fate of software, as well as the potential negative impact of AI on the economy, it might be time to swoop in while earnings expectations are low and investor sentiment, especially in tech, has taken quite the beating.
What’s most interesting isn’t the modest multiples, but that some tech names might serve as a great way to play defense as the conflict in the Middle East continues to play out. I’d say Oppenheimer is right on the money. The first few days of the ceasefire have not gone smoothly. And if things escalate, tech may very well be destined to go its own way. The AI impact might be a bigger deal for tech than the next move in the Iran war.
Undoubtedly, some of the Magnificent Seven darlings, as well asNetflix(NASDAQ:NFLX|NFLX Price Prediction), stand out as reasonably attractive stocks at a time like this. In a prior piece, I highlighted Netflix stock as a great defensive name for the current market climate.
READ: The analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010just named his top 10 AI stocks
Given Goldman’s $120 per-share price target on the stock, the name certainly does stand out as a great pick, especially as the firm shows off its pricing power once again as it hikes prices while betting big on live sports. At around $103 per share, Netflix stock might be in for a 16% gain from current levels, even after that sudden bounce off February’s lows.
Of course, the 32.3 times forward price-to-earnings might not seem all too cheap compared to the other names in the Mag Seven bargain bin, which, I think, you could do well by scooping up the broad basket.
It’s hard to go wrong with shares ofApple(NASDAQ:AAPL), as the name looks to finally catch on in AI with Siri, while also looking to cash in on the budget consumer, and impressing high-end consumers willing to spend on the latest and greatest.
The latest M5 chip is a pretty big deal, given the improved AI and graphical performance. Of course, to most, the chip seems to be an iterative upgrade to the M4. However, once Apple Intelligence gets to a level where it needs to be, I’d argue that Neural Accelerators could be what grants Apple a front-row seat to the edge AI revolution.
As for Goldman, it has a $330 price target, which is actually quite a bit higher than most other analysts. Given the 2026 catalysts, I’d argue a 30.0 times forward P/E is a very reasonable price to pay for a company that’s quietly become a Mag Seven outperformer in recent months.

Wall Street is pouring billions into AI, but most investors are buying the wrong stocks. The analyst who first identified NVIDIA as a buy back in 2010 — before its 28,000% run — has just pinpointed 10 new AI companies he believes could deliver outsized returns from here. One dominates a $100 billion equipment market. Another is solving the single biggest bottleneck holding back AI data centers. A third is a pure-play on an optical networking market set to quadruple. Most investors haven't heard of half these names.Get the free list of all 10 stocks here.
Joey is a 24/7 Wall St. contributor and seasoned investment writer whose work can also be found in publications such as The Motley Fool and TipRanks. Holding a B.A.Sc in Computer Engineering from the University of British Columbia (UBC), Joey has leveraged his technical background to provide insightful stock analyses to readers.
Joey's investment philosophy is heavily influenced by Warren Buffett's value investing principles. As a dedicated Buffett disciple, Joey is committed to unearthing value in the tech sector and beyond.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
It feels like 2026 is the year that boring stocks became somewhat exciting again. Of course, that ultimately depends on…
Every once in a while, the market gets into a really bad mood and starts marking down stocks that fit…
I was quite surprised to see shares of Arm Holdings (NASDAQ:ARM) rocketing higher after the release of its AGI CPU.…
Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS) just unveiled its 2026 Investment Outlook, and it’s definitely worth a read if you’re looking to ring…
The markets might be breathing a sigh of relief after the two-week U.S.-Iran ceasefire agreement, but that doesn’t mean it’s…
Even after slipping mildly to end the year, shares of Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL | GOOGL Price Prediction) are poised to close…
Despite the sluggish start to 2026, Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) remains at the very front of the AI…
Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS) thinks risks of a market correction are increasing. Depending on who you ask, the markets have already…
A number of the major hedge funds and big money managers, including the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, which axed…
