Title: Warren Buffett Reveals the Real Reason Berkshire Has Been Dumping Apple Stock
Date: 2026-04-13 14:20
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/13/warren-buffett-reveals-the-real-reason-berkshire-h/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Berkshire Hathaway unloaded a lot of Apple stock in recent years.
For years, billionaire investor Warren Buffett has admired tech giantApple(AAPL0.50%)and its highly successful business model. And so investors may have been perplexed to see that his company,Berkshire Hathaway(BRKA+0.10%)(BRKB+0.06%), had been drastically reducing its position in the tech giant in recent years.
Buffett, however, recently revealed why Berkshire was sellingApple stock, and it had absolutely nothing to do with the company's business or concerns about its future growth.
Image source: The Motley Fool.
Apple has been a staple in Berkshire's portfolio, but in recent years, Berkshire has not only been trimming its position in the tech company, but it's been drastically unloading it. From its peak, Berkshire has reduced its stake in Apple by more than 75%. While it's still the top holding and the position is worth close to $60 billion today, it no longer accounts for more than half of the portfolio, as it did in the past.
And that, it seems, was the big problem for Buffett. "I wasn't happy for it to be larger than everything else combined." Today, Apple's stock accounts for just under 19% of Berkshire's portfolio, withAmerican Expressnot being far behind at 15%. A few years ago, the delta was much more significant between the first and second holdings.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Another factor that may have played a big role in Buffett's decision to sell Apple stock was likely the significant profit the company was sitting on from the position. Berkshire has made over $100 billion in profit on the sale of Apple stock. And with uncertainty around taxes and how capital gains might be treated in the future, securing those profits may have motivated Buffett to sell sooner rather than later.
Over the past five years, both Berkshire and Apple have been solid investments, with the former generating returns of 79% and the latter nearly doubling in value. Going forward, they still look like terrific investments to buy and hold.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is968%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
Apple's vast ecosystem has enabled the business to grow, even without the company needing to lead in innovation. Its iPhones are still iconic and are effectively a gateway to consumers spending more on other Apple products and services. Berkshire, meanwhile, is under a new CEO in Greg Abel, but its vision remains the same. Investors may be less enamored with the stock now that Buffett has retired, but it's still a terrific business to invest in, given its careful and thoughtful approach to capital allocation andinvesting in quality companies.
It's hard to go wrong with either one of these stocks, particularly when looking at the long term.




Before you buy stock inBerkshire Hathaway, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andBerkshire Hathawaywasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

American Express is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money.David Jagielski, CPAhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Apple and Berkshire Hathaway and is short shares of Apple. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

