Title: ETFs to Play Taiwan Semiconductor's Upbeat Results on AI Boom
Date: 2026-04-13 13:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/etfs-play-taiwan-semiconductors-upbeat-130000704.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co.TSM, the world's largest contract chipmaker, just finished another record-breaking quarter, thanks to strong demand for artificial intelligence (AI) chips.On April 10, 2026, the company reported ‌a 35% surge in first-quarter revenues, as quoted on Reuters. The TSM stock rose 1.4% on April 10 and added 0.1% gains after hours.
For the January-March period, the company posted revenues of 1.13 trillion New Taiwan dollars ($35.6 billion), surpassing analyst estimates of 1.12 trillion New Taiwan dollars, as quoted on CNBC. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Q1 revenues stands at $35.50 billion.
TSMC has reportedly increased prices for its most advanced chips, which led to the revenue beat. Gross margins for the first quarter are expected to reach around 64%, reflecting strong pricing power.
TSMC continues to benefit from robust demand for advanced semiconductors from key clients such as Apple and NVIDIA. Despite concerns over potential supply chain issues due to the Iran war, AI-related demand remains strong and is driving overall performance. In war-laden March itself, revenues jumped 45.2% year over year to 415.2 billion New Taiwan dollars, as quoted on CNBC.
According to SemiAnalysis analyst Sravan Kundojjala, TSMC is likely to exceed its 30% annual growth target, as mentioned in the same CNBC article.
While smartphone and PC markets faced pressure due to memory shortages, the company’s AI segment more than made up for the weakness.
Analysts have boosted their forecast for TSMC's April-June ???revenues by 2.3% over the last ‌30 days to a record T$1.2 trillion, LSEG data showed, as quoted on Reuters, on expectations of subdued capacity for advanced AI chip production.
Note that the Zacks Consensus Estimate for earnings for both the March and June quarters has also been raised by analysts over the past month. The earnings estimate for each of the March and June quarters has been upped by 2 cents to $3.29 and $3.57, respectively.
An increasing number of companies are developing their own chips, including hyper-scalers like Google LLC and firms like Arm Holdings plc, which has expanded into producing its own CPUs.
However, despite growing competition in chip design, most advanced semiconductor production continues to rely on TSMC and key rivals such as Samsung Electronics and Intel Corporation.
Investors could tap the robust growth with the help of ETFs having the largest allocation to the world’s largest contract semiconductor manufacturer. These includeSP Funds S&P World ex-US ETFSPWO,Janus Henderson Global Artificial Intelligence ETFJHAI,AXS Esoterica NextG Economy ETFWUGI,National Security Emerging Markets Index ETFNSI andGabelli Global Technology Leaders ETFGGTL. Each of these ETFs has at least a 10% exposure to TSM shares.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd. (TSM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
AXS Esoterica NextG Economy ETF (WUGI): ETF Research Reports
National Security Emerging Markets Index ETF (NSI): ETF Research Reports
SP Funds S&P World (ex-US) ETF (SPWO): ETF Research Reports
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
