Title: Intel’s $100 Billion April Rally Makes It Market’s Hottest Stock
Date: 2026-04-13 13:34
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/intel-100-billion-april-rally-094828242.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
(Bloomberg) -- Intel Corp. has quickly become one of the hottest stocks in the S&P 500 Index thanks to a nine-day surge that has added more than $100 billion in market value.
A rash of good news over the last two weeks has reinvigorated investor enthusiasm that the chipmaker may be able to pull off a dramatic turnaround after years of underperforming amid fears that it had lost its edge in semiconductor manufacturing. Shares just posted their best week since January 2020 and have soared 53% in nine sessions, including Monday. This is the most on record for any similar stretch of trading — quite the feat for a company that went public in 1971.
“It is clearly no longer on life support,” said Thomas Hayes, chairman and managing member of Great Hill Capital, which has about $1 billion in assets under management and owns the stock.
The latest run of gains was sparked by an early April announcement that Intel had agreed to pay $14.2 billion to buy back half of a plant in Ireland from Apollo Global Management. The move was seen as proof that it’s making progress in its turnaround.
“It sees itself in expansion mode, not survival mode,” Hayes said.
Shares rose 3.1% on Monday.
The shares got another boost last week when Intel said it would join Elon Musk’s Terafab project to develop semiconductors for Tesla Inc., SpaceX and xAI. That was followed by a commitment for Alphabet Inc.’s Google to use future generations of Intel’s Xeon processors in data centers.
The rally has pushed the stock’s gains on the year to 72%, which comes on the heels of its 84% jump last year sparked by investments from Nvidia Corp., SoftBank Group Corp. and even the US government. The government’s stake is now worth roughly $27 billion, more than three times its original investment and slightly less than what the US pays annually for childcare services.
“The Intel narrative keeps accelerating,” Melius Research analyst Ben Reitzes wrote in a note to clients on Friday as he raised his price target on the stock for the third time this year. “The thesis around Intel’s value as a strategic foundry asset seems to be validated daily.”
To be sure, the stock is still down about 8% from its 2020 high, compared with a gain of more than 100% for the S&P 500, which has been partially fueled by a surge in major AI chipmakers like Nvidia, Broadcom Inc. and more recently Micron Technology Inc.
Wall Street is also far from convinced the worst is over for Intel. Of the 52 analysts tracked by Bloomberg who follow the shares, just 10 have buy ratings and six have sells, more than double the average for an S&P 500 stock. Intel’s recommendation consensus — a proxy for the ratio of its buy, hold, and sell ratings — stands at 3.15 out of five, the weakest among chipmakers. The stock also trades at a sizable premium to the average analyst price target, an indication that it has run too far, too fast.
All this comes at a time when the stock is trading at more than 90 times estimated earnings for the next 12 months, its highest on record, according to data that goes back to the early 1980s. That’s over 50% above where it traded at the peak of the dot-com bubble and compares with an average multiple of about 21 for an index of chip stocks.
However, some analysts say investors need to take a longer-term view of the company. While Intel is expected to post a net loss of about 17 cents per share this year, its net income is projected to be 33 cents per share in 2027, and $2.13 per share by 2029, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
Seaport Group’s Jay Goldberg, one of the many analysts to upgrade the stock in 2026, said Wall Street is “probably underestimating” Intel’s long-term earnings prospects. While valuations are “completely insane” across the chip sector, he sees greater potential for Intel to thump the consensus.
“It’s gonna be very hard for Nvidia to surprise meaningfully on the upside this year as opposed to Intel, which has had a rough couple of years and has a better shot of surprising earnings on the upside,” he said.
Tech Chart of the Day
Top Tech Stories
The federal government is moving to settle a yearslong case over Amazon.com Inc.’s treatment of a group of delivery drivers, averting what could have been a landmark ruling establishing the company as the boss of some of the workers it has long insisted aren’t its employees.
Apple is working on several frame styles and a unique camera design for its first smart glasses.
President Donald Trump’s goal of significantly boosting global sales of American AI chips risks being undermined by licensing bottlenecks, staffing attrition and a lack of policy direction at the federal agency that oversees exports of billions of dollars in sensitive US technology.
Wall Street banks are starting to test Anthropic PBC’s Mythos model internally as Trump administration officials encourage them to use it to detect vulnerabilities.
Earnings Due Monday
No major earnings expected
--With assistance from Subrat Patnaik and David Watkins.
(Updates to market open.)
More stories like this are available onbloomberg.com
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
