Title: Omdia: China Smartphone Shipments Fell 1% in First Quarter of 2026 as Rising Costs Pushed Up Device Prices
Date: 2026-04-13 23:52
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/omdia-china-smartphone-shipments-fell-235200375.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
LONDON, April 13, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--According to Omdia’s latest research, Mainland China’s smartphone market declined by 1% year on year in 1Q 2026, with shipments reaching 69.8 million units. In 1Q 2026, rising component costs, particularly for memory, prompted major vendors to increase product prices, further extending the market’s downward trajectory. Huawei ranked first with shipments of 13.9 million units, capturing a 20% market share and maintaining strong momentum. Apple followed in second place with 13.1 million units and a 19% share. OPPO, in its first quarter following realme’s reintegration, shipped 11.0 million units to rank among the top three vendors. vivo recorded 10.5 million units, ranking fourth, while Xiaomi placed fifth with shipments of 8.7 million units.
"To balance volume, revenue, and profitability against rising memory prices, several major vendors, including Xiaomi, HONOR, OPPO, and vivo, raised retail prices on select models by 10–30% in the first quarter," saidHayden Hou, Principal Analyst at Omdia. "This had a clear and negative impact on consumer purchasing sentiment. Huawei and Apple took the opposite approach. Both largely avoided broad price hikes, using cost pressures as a chance to capture market share. That strategy made their products more appealing to consumers and fueled stronger Q1 results."
Lucas Zhong, Senior Analyst at Omdia, added: "Meaningful innovation in flagship and foldable devices is expected to help stabilize overall demand. Advances such as the LOFIC image sensor in Xiaomi’s 17 Ultra series, the near crease-free design of OPPO’s Find N6, and the lightweight design combined with a high-capacity battery in HONOR’s Magic V6 highlight how improvements in peripheral specifications will remain a key theme in product iteration this year. At the same time, AI agent capabilities will be a major focus for leading vendors at the software level. Smartphones remain the ideal platform for AI agents, and for vendors, breakthroughs in AI functionality represent a critical pathway forward. Vendors that can deliver differentiated and practical AI agent experiences will be better positioned to enhance brand perception and establish new strategic advantages."
"In Q1 2026, the combined market share of the top six vendors - Huawei, Apple, Xiaomi, OPPO, vivo, and HONOR - reached 94%," Hayden Hou added. "Top vendors hold advantages in supply chains, R&D, OS and services, ecosystems, and distribution. Yet market dynamics demand constant vigilance. Memory volatility and AI’s trajectory will structurally alter the competitive landscape. As rising memory costs continue to bite, Omdia projects that China’s smartphone market will shrink by 10% in 2026."
Mainland China’s smartphone shipment and annual growthOmdia Smartphone Market Pulse: 1Q26
Vendor
1Q26shipments(million)
1Q26marketshare
1Q25shipments(million)
1Q25marketshare
Annualgrowth
Huawei
13.9
20%
13.0
18%
7%
Apple
13.1
19%
9.2
13%
42%
OPPO
11.0
16%
11.3
16%
-3%
vivo
10.5
15%
10.4
15%
0%
Xiaomi
8.7
12%
13.3
19%
-35%
Others
12.7
18%
13.6
19%
-7%
Total
69.8
100%
70.9
100%
-1%



Note: Huawei excludes HONOR since 1Q21. OPPO includes OnePlus and realme. vivo includes iQOO.
Percentages may not add up to 100% due to rounding.
Source: Omdia Smartphone Horizon Service (sell-in shipments), April 2026

ABOUT OMDIA
Omdia, part of TechTarget, Inc. d/b/a Informa TechTarget (Nasdaq: TTGT), is a technology research and advisory group. Our deep knowledge of tech markets grounded in real conversations with industry leaders and hundreds of thousands of data points, make our market intelligence our clients’ strategic advantage. From R&D to ROI, we identify the greatest opportunities and move the industry forward.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260413266424/en/
Contacts
Fasiha Khan:fasiha.khan@omdia.comEric Thoo:eric.thoo@omdia.com
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
