Title: Can Strong iPhone and Mac Portfolio Help Apple Stock Recover in FY26?
Date: 2026-04-13 15:24
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/strong-iphone-mac-portfolio-help-152400003.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
AppleAAPL shares have dropped 4.2% year to date (YTD), outperforming close peers such asHPHPQ andMicrosoftMSFT but laggingAmazonAMZN. Shares of Amazon have returned 3.3% while Microsoft and HP shares have dropped 23.3% and 18%, respectively. Apple shares also lagged the broader Zacks Computer and Technology sector, which dropped 1.3% YTD. Apart from stiff competition in the smartphone and personal computer (PC) domains, AAPL shares have suffered from issues with its AI initiatives, with the postponement of several features, which has been a concern for investors. So, what should investors do with the AAPL stock? Let’s dig deep to find out.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
AAPL is facing stiff competition from the likes of Lenovo, Dell Technologies and HP in the PC domain. Per Gartner, worldwide PC shipments totaled 62.8 million units in the first quarter of 2026, up 4% year over year. Lenovo led with 26.5% market share, trailed by HP and Dell Technologies with 19.3% and 16.5%, respectively. Apple had a 10.6% market share.The smartphone segment is chock-a-block with competition from Chinese vendors, as well as Samsung and Google Pixel. Per Counterpoint’s latest data, global smartphone shipments declined 6% year over year in the first quarter of 2026, with Apple leading with 21% market share and shipments growing 5% year over year, driven by strong iPhone 17 demand and improved performance in China. Samsung’s shipments declined 6% year over year with 20% market share.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Apple’s fiscal 2026 earnings has declined 4 cents to $8.40 per share over the past 30 days, indicating 12.6% growth from the figure reported in fiscal 2025.
Apple Inc. price-consensus-chart | Apple Inc. Quote

The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Apple’s fiscal 2026 revenues is pegged at $461.68 billion, indicating 10.94% growth over the figure reported in fiscal 2025.
Apple shares are overvalued, as suggested by a Value Score of F. The AAPL stock is trading at a forward 12-month price/earnings (P/E) of 29.32X compared with the broader Zacks Computer & Technology sector’s 23.46X.Apple shares are trading at a premium compared with peers, including HP, Microsoft and Amazon. Shares of HP, Microsoft and Amazon are trading at a P/E multiple of 6.37, 20.17 and 29.03, respectively.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Strong iPhone 17 sales are expected to help Apple’s top-line grow in fiscal 2026. The company has been adding features to the iPhone line-up, including Apple Intelligence tools as well as Apple Creator Studio, which is driving iPhone sales. The company has introduced dozens of features, including writing tools and cleanup and made it available in 15 languages. Visual intelligence is helping users learn and do more with their content on iPhone. It is helping users search faster, take action and answer questions across their apps.Apple’s multi-year collaboration deal with Google is now expected to be a key catalyst in boosting Apple Intelligence features. Under the agreement, the next generation of Apple’s foundation models will be based on Google’s Gemini models and cloud technology. Apple Intelligence features, including a more personalized Siri, will now be powered by Google models. However, Apple Intelligence will continue to run on Apple devices and Private Cloud Compute.Apple is expanding its MacBook portfolio with the launch of MacBook Air and MacBook Pro. The devices come at an opportune time as the iPhone maker faces stiff competition from the likes of Lenovo, HP and Dell Technologies. The introduction of M5 Pro and M5 Max chips, built using a new Apple-designed Fusion Architecture, which connects two dies into a single SoC, boosts performance. The new MacBook Air is powered by the latest M5, which features a faster CPU and next-generation GPU with a Neural Accelerator in each core. The 14-inch and 16-inch MacBook Pro, powered by M5 Pro and M5 Max, adds superior performance and AI capabilities.Apple’s Services segment benefits from an expanding games portfolio and the growing popularity of Apple TV+. Apple’s strategy of adding new games on a continuous basis is driving its user base. The Services have been benefiting from frequent updates, thereby driving the user base. New features helped Apple Pay make a significant impact by eliminating well over $1 billion in fraud, while generating more than $100 billion in incremental merchant sales globally. Apple Pay is now available in 89 markets, while Apple Fitness+ has expanded to 28 additional countries and regions. Apple Arcade expanded its catalog of highly rated games with more than 50 new titles.
Apple’s prospects are expected to benefit from its strong iPhone and Services business. Apple’s expanding AI footprint, thanks to the GOOGL collaboration, bodes well for long-term prospects. However, stiff competition in the smartphone, PC and AI domains, along with a stretched valuation, is expected to remain an overhang on the stock.AAPL currently has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), which implies that investors should wait for a more favorable point to enter the stock. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Apple Inc. (AAPL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
HP Inc. (HPQ) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
