Title: 3 AI Stocks That Are Way Cheaper Than Apple Right Now
Date: 2026-04-13 15:50
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/13/3-ai-stocks-that-are-way-cheaper-than-apple-right/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
There are far better investments to make than Apple.
Apple(AAPL0.50%)is the one stock that hasn't been severely affected by a bit of a marketwide sell-off over the past month. Although there's been a bit of a rebound, there are still several intriguing stocks that are pricedfarlower than Apple.
I'm focused on three companies that have a lower valuation, and all three are growing at a far faster rate than Apple. Furthermore, these are all high-quality companies that have legendary execution, similar to Apple.
Let's take a look at these three stocks and determine if they're truly better deals than Apple right now.
Image source: Getty Images.
First, let's take a look at Apple. Although Apple has made some headlines in recent days about its upcoming folding iPhone, the reality is there hasn't been much innovation from Apple over the past few years. This has led to some fairly stagnant growth, although its most recent quarter was the best in years.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.

AAPL Revenue (Quarterly YoY Growth)data byYCharts
We'll have to see if this acceleration pattern continues, or if it was a flash in the pan, as its current valuationmaysupport a company that can consistently grow in the mid-teens, but not one that's growing in the high single-digits like it was for nearly five years.

AAPL PE Ratio (Forward)data byYCharts
At 31 times forward earnings, Apple stock is far from cheap and trades at a massive premium to theS&P 500, which trades for 20.3 times forward earnings. Many stocks are far cheaper and are growing much faster, and I think all of them have a better investment case over Apple.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Some may be surprised to seeNvidia(NVDA+0.29%)on this list, as it has a reputation for being "overvalued." However, that's far from the case. Nvidia trades for 22 times forward earnings -- nearly 50% less than Apple. That's a big discount, but it also comes with some incredible growth rates.
Over the next two quarters, Wall Street analysts project Nvidia's growth rates to be 79% and 85%, respectively. Considering that Nvidia's GPU business has been booming since 2023, the fact that it's still doing this well several years later is impressive.
Nvidia looks like a far greater buy than Apple, and with its faster growth and cheaper stock price,should easily outperform Appleover the next few years.
Microsoft(MSFT+3.64%)and Apple have been mentioned in the same sentence for a long time in the investing world. Both are stalwarts in the tech industry and have been leading the market higher for over a decade. For the longest time, Apple's and Microsoft's valuations were incredibly similar, but now, Microsoft has broken away to be far cheaper.

AAPL PE Ratiodata byYCharts
Microsoft isn't doing anything wrong; its latest quarterly results included 17% revenue growth. It's also still a leader in the AI realm, with Azure a popular platform for running AI workloads.
This mismatch doesn't happen often, and with Microsoft usually priced at the same level as Apple, I think it's slated to deliver strong returns over the next year, as it willlikely return to a 30 price-to-earnings multiple.
Last is one of Apple's key suppliers:Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing(TSM0.27%). Taiwan Semiconductor makes most of the chips for Apple's products. Taiwan Semiconductor also makes most of Nvidia's chips, and it is theworld's largest chip manufacturer by revenue. It's seeing monster growth for AI chips, and all of this is helping to power TSMC's stock higher over the long term. Management believes it can generate a 25% compound annual growth rate (CAGR) from 2024 to 2029, which would far exceed anything Apple is doing.
While Taiwan Semi isn't as cheap as the other two on this list, 27 times forward earnings isn't a bad price to pay for a company that's nearly guaranteed to thrive over the next decade.




Before you buy stock inApple, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andApplewasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

Keithen Druryhas positions in Microsoft, Nvidia, and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Apple, Microsoft, Nvidia, and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing and is short shares of Apple. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

