Title: Goldman Sachs with a reality check on AI: Fears of disruption will hang over growth stocks for years
Date: 2026-04-13 13:12
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/goldman-sachs-with-a-reality-check-on-ai-fears-of-disruption-will-hang-over-growth-stocks-for-years-131233368.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
The spread of artificial intelligence may make finding a great growth stock challenging in the near future.
"We expect investor uncertainty around AI disruption and long-term growth estimates will persist for quarters if not years, requiring investors to be selective within the universe of secular growth stocks," Goldman Sachs strategist Ben Snider warned in a new note.
"For secular growth stocks facing AI disruption risk, resolving this uncertainty will likely require evidence that AI is not displacing existing business models."
Growth stocks have been hit from all sides this year, from AI disruption fears to high AI spending to higher-for-longer interest rates amid the US conflict with Iran.
The "Magnificent Seven" stocks sport valuations near fresh lows relative to the S&P 500 (^GSPC), JPMorgan strategist Mislav Matejka pointed out in a note last week.
"Mag 7 relative [to S&P 500] is not acting as a safe haven," Matejka said.
This price reflects trading activity during the overnight session on the Blue Ocean ATS, available 8 PM to 4 AM ET, Sunday through Thursday, when regular markets are closed.
The Magnificent Seven is a group of seven cash-rich, large-cap technology stocks that have collectively dominated the US stock market and driven the majority of the S&P 500's gains since 2023. It includes Nvidia (NVDA), Amazon (AMZN), Tesla (TSLA), Microsoft (MSFT), Google (GOOG), Apple (AAPL), and Meta (META).
The only two Magnificent Seven stocks up this year are Amazon and Google, each sporting marginal gains. Tesla has been the worst-performer with a 23% plunge.
Goldman's Snider said Meta, Amazon, and Google could regain their growth stock stride given their leadership positions in tech, yielding strong results this year and next.
Meanwhile, software stocks have been obliterated as the "SaaSpocalypse" rolls on.
This market event has erased about $2 trillion in market capitalization from software stocks this year. Investors are realizing that generative AI — specifically "agentic" AI — is no longer just an add-on but a potential replacement for traditional software.
The crisis has fundamentally broken the "per-seat" subscription model. If an AI agent can do the work of five people, a company only needs one software license instead of five, leading to a "seat compression" that has decimated recurring revenue projections.
ServiceNow (NOW) shares have crashed 48% this year, Salesforce (CRM) is down by 36%, and DocuSign (DOCU) has shed 42%.
"Put simply, we see risk that concerns around software application architecture, business model durability and terminal value intensify in the months ahead," Citi analyst Tyler Radke wrote in a new note. "Privately held AI companies are on track to add $100 billion plus of net-new revenue in the years ahead, materially eclipsing the $50 billion of traditional application software."
Brian Sozziis Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor and a member of Yahoo Finance's editorial leadership team. Follow Sozzi on X@BrianSozzi,Instagram, andLinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
