Title: Here's What the Futures Markets Are Saying About Oil and the Conflict in the Persian Gulf
Date: 2026-04-11 12:50
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/11/heres-what-the-futures-markets-are-saying-about-oi/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The answer might surprise investors looking to manage risk under uncertain market conditions.
It's always a good idea to look at what market data is telling you about the market consensus opinion on a matter, and right now, energy markets and the conflict in the Persian Gulf are front and center of investor concerns. Here's a look at what the oil futures market is saying about the conflict, and what it says about buying stocks likeChevron(CVX+1.71%)and otherno-brainer stocks while the Strait of Hormuz isn't fully openfor business.
Futures contractsfix the delivery terms (including the price) for delivery of oil in the future. They usually trade in contango, whereby future prices are higher than the spot price to reflect storage and other costs. The opposite of contango is backwardation, where the spot price trades higher than futures prices, indicating a near-term supply scarcity or at least the fear of it.
As you can see below, the market is firmly in backwardation, reflecting the absence of crude oil flowing through the Strait of Hormuz. That shouldn't come as a surprise to many investors; after all, almost 34% of the global crude oil trade flows through the strait, according to the International Energy Agency.
Data source: Oilprice.com, as of April 9. Chart by author.
In addition, the shape of the curve effectively implies that the oil market believes the issues are temporary. In other words, the futures market believes there will be a resolution to the conflict that allows energy to flow through the strait again.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
It's not hard to be sympathetic to that view, because the U.S. wants the Strait of Hormuz to be open, as do many Asian countries (80% of crude going through the strait goes to Asia). So do European countries who are net energy importers as well as the countries of the Arabian peninsula that export energy through the strait. And Iran's 10-point peace plan  acknowledges the reopening of the strait, at least in some form.
As such, the oil futures market appears to be pricing in only a temporary disruption.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Image source: Getty Images.
If you believe the optimism in the futures markets is mirrored in the equity markets, then there's a strong case for arguing that energy stocks remain highly attractive. The reality is, despite the agreed temporary ceasefire, the overall conflict is a long way from resolution, as are the terms of agreement on a full reopening of the strait. That's not even to mention the question of shipping companies obtaining insurance to transit the strait in the future, or the damage done to energy infrastructure in the region.
History suggests staying invested during difficult times, but it makes sense toincrease an allocation to energy stocksin the current environment.




Before you buy stock inChevron, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andChevronwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

Lee Samahahas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Chevron. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

