Title: The Great Rotation: Buy This Sector Before It Comes Back in Style
Date: 2026-04-12 21:25
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/12/great-rotation-buy-healthcare-sector-before-oscr/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Investors dislike these businesses right now, but that's what makes them great opportunities for investors focused on the long haul.
Most people hatehealth insurance. And yet, historically, it has been one of the most profitable sectors to invest in, thanks to the durable nature of industry spending and the overall growth in healthcare expenditures in the United States. As the population ages, this will only become more prevalent.
In the last two years, investors have become hesitant to invest in health insurance stocks due to shifting political rhetoric and unexpected increases in claims costs. Bellwethers in the industry, likeUnitedHealth Group(UNH+2.90%), are down 50% from their highs, and sentiment couldn't be worse for the sector.
That is an opportunity for investors focused on buying stocks for the long haul. Here's why investors should buy health insurance stocks before they come back in style in 2026.
Image source: Getty Images.
The aforementioned UnitedHealth Group is the largest health insurance company by revenue, reporting $448 billion in 2025. Operating as a vertically integrated player that offers health insurance and its own healthcare clinics through Optum, it also has its own pharmacy benefit manager arm. Some argue this could put the business at risk due to antitrust claims, but it has historically been quite profitable, withnet incomegrowing steadily each year until 2024.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
In the last few years, UnitedHealth's earnings have been hurt by cyberattacks, lower rate adjustments for items such as Medicare Advantage, rising utilization rates, and its own decision to write down asset values.
Most important to UnitedHealth is its ability to manage health insurance pricing relative to industry-estimated costs. It has gotten some good news recently, with Medicare Advantage regulators allowing for higher rate increases in 2027 than previously expected. Everything comes back to UnitedHealth Group's medical loss ratio, an industry term that determines how much of insurance premiums are paid out as claims in a period.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Last year, UnitedHealth's medical loss ratio was 88.9%, up from 85.5% in 2024, which is why earnings fell 41% year over year to $19 billion. The stock still trades at a below-market price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of 23.5, but this should decline quickly if the medical loss ratio improves in 2026 and beyond, making UnitedHealth Group a good stock to buy amid this market craziness.
If you'd rather skip the incumbents in favor of the disruptors,Oscar Health(OSCR+7.13%)may be more of your interest at these prices. It is a health insurer also down big like UnitedHealth Group, but it is attacking the market from an entirely different angle.
Oscar Health targets individual health insurance payers, meaning people who use the Affordable Care Act (ACA) marketplace. On top of this focus, Oscar Health uses modern technology to make the customer experience as enjoyable as possible when dealing with a healthcare issue. For example, it offers telehealth services to all members for no additional charge.
At the beginning of 2026, Oscar Health reported that 3.4 million people enrolled in its health insurance products during open enrollment. It had under 1 million members at the end of 2021. This is phenomenal growth during a time of major uncertainty for the ACA marketplace, as subsidies became a political football in the last year.
The medical loss ratio is also a problem for Oscar Health's profitability, hitting 87.4% in 2025 due to unexpected healthcare claims. However, as the company normalizes pricing in 2026 and gains greater scale, it expects to generate operating income of $250 million to $450 million this year. That looks like a low price for a stock with amarket capof $4.3 billion as of this writing.
Health insurance is a great industry to examine because healthcare costs generally rise due to advances in medical care, economic growth, and the aging U.S. population. In 1970, $74 billion was spent on healthcare every year in the United States. By 2024, that had grown to $5.3 trillion, and shows no signs of slowing down.
Most of this spending will flow through the various health insurance ecosystems. As long as these businesses can manage their costs well, they should be profitable stocks to buy and hold for the long haul.




Before you buy stock inOscar Health, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andOscar Healthwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

Brett Schaferhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends UnitedHealth Group. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

