Title: Space Stocks Are Taking Off. Here's Why
Date: 2026-04-13 20:44
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/space-stocks-taking-off-heres-204400440.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
(1:20) - What Was The Significance of Artemis 2 For Investors?
(7:00) - How Excited Should You Be For A SpaceX IPO?
(12:45) - How Soon Can We Expect Data Centers In Space?
(21:20) - Procure Space ETF: UFO
(36:20) - Episode Roundup: SATS, RKLB, ARKX, MARS, NASA
Podcast@zacks.com

In this episode of ETF Spotlight, I speak with Micah Walter-Range about investing in the space economy and space stocks that have been very hot lately. Micah is a global space economy expert and former director of research at the Space Foundation. He developed the index that the Procure Space ETF UFO tracks, which is up 33% year-to-date.
Many space companies contributed to NASA’s awe-inspiring Artemis II mission and have seen their stocks soar as there is massive interest in the lunar economy. Will we see lunar mining and a “self-growing” city on the moon anytime soon?
SpaceX filed its IPO paperwork with the SEC recently. Bloomberg reported that the space company plans to raise as much as $75 billion in the offering for a target valuation of over $2 trillion. We discuss why there is so much excitement around the SpaceX IPO.
Founded in May 2002, SpaceX now holds a de facto monopoly on rocket launches, and its satellite internet division, Starlink, is reportedly a major cash generator. Like many high-profile startups, it has remained private as institutional investors continued to pour money into the firm.
Now, Musk’s ambition to build data centers in space is helping drive the company’s IPO plans. Orbital data centers would require hundreds of billions, if not trillions, of dollars.
Blue Origin, founded by Amazon’s AMZN Jeff Bezos, is pursuing similar orbital data center concepts, while Alphabet GOOGL is working on a space-based data center project, codenamed Suncatcher, with test launches expected in 2027.
The global space economy is expected to reach $1.8 trillion by 2034, up from $613 billion in 2024, according to McKinsey. We discuss factors driving the bull case for space investing and the biggest risks.
UFO, the first pure-play space ETF, primarily invests in companies that derive a majority of their revenues from space-related industries. Planet Labs PBC PL, Rocket Lab Corporation RKLB, EchoStar SATS, and Viasat VSAT are among its top holdings.
Tune in to the podcast to learn more.
Be sure to look out for the next edition of ETF Spotlight, and remember to subscribe!
If you have any comments or questions, please email podcast@zacks.com
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) : Free Stock Analysis Report
EchoStar Corporation (SATS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Planet Labs PBC (PL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Viasat Inc. (VSAT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Procure Space ETF (UFO): ETF Research Reports
Rocket Lab Corporation (RKLB) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
