Title: Google partners on AI training for thousands of American manufacturing workers
Date: 2026-04-13 19:48
URL: https://www.foxbusiness.com/technology/google-partners-ai-training-thousands-american-manufacturing-workers?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided byFactset.
          Powered and implemented byFactSet Digital Solutions.Legal Statement.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2026 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.FAQ-New Privacy Policy
BD8 Capital Partners CIO Barbara Doran discusses how companies are valued in the AI era on Making Money.
EXCLUSIVE:Googleis contributing $10 million to the Manufacturing Institute to support new artificial intelligence (AI) training for 40,000 manufacturing workers, FOX Business has learned.
Funding for the initiative is coming from Google.org's AI Opportunity Fund and will go to the Manufacturing Institute (MI), the nonprofit workforce development and education affiliate of the National Association of Manufacturers.
"Google has been a technology partner to the manufacturing industry for years, providing AI tools and cloud infrastructure to help manufacturers innovate and increase productivity," Maggie Johnson, global head of Google.org, told FOX Business. "Through this initiative, our AI training courses will serve as the basis for MI's new AI curriculum for manufacturers."
"This will enable manufacturing apprentices and workers to learnessential AI skillsfrom Googlers across our company – from engineers to data analysts. MI will then tailor for hands-on manufacturing scenarios that they'll need to use AI in their day-to-day work," Johnson added.
GOOGLE COMMITS $1B TO NORTH CAROLINA DATA CENTERS AS AI DEMAND SURGES
The Google and Manufacturing Institute partnership will fund new AI skills courses for manufacturing workers.(GE Appliances)
Google's funding will enable the creation of two new courses for manufacturing workers – AI 101 for Manufacturing and Advanced AI for Manufacturing Technicians. The 101 course will tailor existing AI training from Google to manufacturing contexts, while the advanced AI formanufacturingtechs course will be newly developed by the Manufacturing Institute.
The Manufacturing Institute will also launch new Federation for Advanced Manufacturing Education (FAME) chapters in at least 15 new regions while embedding the AI for Advanced AI for Manufacturing Technicians across all FAME chapters.
TIME TO DITCH AI ANXIETY – EXPERTS SAY THERE'S A LOT LESS TO FEAR THAN WE THINK
Google.org's AI Opportunity Fund is contributing funds for the initiative.(Marlena Sloss/Bloomberg via Getty Images)
"We're collaborating with the Manufacturing Institute because we know that true innovation happens when the people on the shop floor have access to the technological tools and training they need to succeed," Johnson said. "By supporting new AI training for manufacturers and the expansion of FAME apprenticeships, we're helping ensure the current and next generation of workers are ready to lead this new industrial era."
The partnership aims to address a large and growing shortfall of skilled manufacturing workers across the U.S. workforce by ensuring workers have the technical skills to use AI tools and fill those roles, which are projected to total nearly 1.9 millionmanufacturing jobsby 2033.
Carolyn Lee, president of the Manufacturing Institute, told FOX Business that the "training is designed to directly close that gap by providing workers with the context of how AI can be applied in real manufacturing production settings. When manufacturers have a workforce that can effectively use these tools, they're able to adopt advanced technologies faster, operate more efficiently and stay competitive on a global stage."
GOOGLE EXECUTIVE ADDRESSES CALLS TO SLOW AI, HIGHLIGHTS SECURITY AND ENERGY FOCUS
AI will help augment human workers on the manufacturing floor, the Manufacturing Institute said.(Liu Guanguan/China News Service via Getty Images)
Lee also acknowledged that there's a human side to integration ofAI in manufacturing, saying that there "is fear around AI, fear about the unknown and the impact these technologies will have on jobs. It can feel uncertain and the best way to combat that is with good communication and skills training."
She said that's why part of the effort is around "demystifying AI and giving employees the foundational skills they need to use it today."
GET FOX BUSINESS ON THE GO BY CLICKING HERE
"Thesetraining programsshow the real-world application of AI on the shop floor, helping people see exactly how the technology is used and how AI will be utilized to augment human skill, not replace it. That clarity matters at a time when there's so much uncertainty about what AI means for jobs," Lee said.

Get a brief on the top business stories of the week, plus CEO interviews, market updates, tech and money news that matters to you.
We've added you to our mailing list.
By clicking subscribe, you agree to the Fox NewsPrivacy PolicyandTerms of Use, and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time.
Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided byFactset.
            Powered and implemented byFactSet Digital Solutions.Legal Statement.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2026 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.FAQ-New Privacy Policy
Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided byFactset.
          Powered and implemented byFactSet Digital Solutions.Legal Statement.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2026 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.FAQ-New Privacy Policy
