Title: BofA Names Olena Lifset Oklahoma City President
Date: 2026-04-13 13:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/bofa-names-olena-lifset-oklahoma-130000834.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Tony Shinn Retires After 20 Years with Company
OKLAHOMA CITY,April 13, 2026/PRNewswire/ --Bank of America today announced that Olena Lifset, Global Commercial Banking market executive, will become its new Oklahoma City president. She succeeds Tony Shinn, who successfully led the market since 2008, and is retiring after 20 years with the company.
As president and head of the market, Lifset will connect clients, teammates and communities to the full power of the franchise and drive collaboration across the company's eight lines of business. She will oversee Bank of America's efforts to grow market share in Oklahoma City by fostering local connections and identifying opportunities to grow and deepen relationships.
"Olena's established leadership and experience will ensure we're delivering on our responsible growth strategy to deepen relationships with teammates, clients and the community,"saidBrian Moynihan,Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Bank of America."Olena will build on Tony's success and continue to grow our market share in Oklahoma City, delivering the full breadth of Bank of America's capabilities to help our local clients improve their financial lives. We thank Tony for his remarkable 20 years of service with the company."
Olena has nearly 25 years of experience in commercial banking, capital markets and management consulting. She leads a team of commercial banking professionals serving middle market companies across Oklahoma, Arkansas and Louisiana, driving growth through disciplined resource allocation, talent development, strong client service and market collaboration.
Olena is deeply committed to engaging with teammates and the community. She has held several leadership roles and has served on numerous civic and professional boards, including her current role on the Greater Oklahoma City Chamber of Commerce Advisory Board and the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Society Oklahoma, where she served as president. In 2025, she was included among Oklahoma City's Journal Record Power List for Women in Accounting, Banking and Finance.
Olena holds a Master of Accountancy from the University of Oklahoma and a Bachelor of Arts in Economics & Business and International Affairs from Lafayette College. She is a CFA charter holder and holds FINRA Series 7, 63, and 24 licenses. Born in Ukraine, Olena and her husband live in Norman, OK with their two daughters.
Key Facts: Bank of America in Oklahoma City
Bank of America has a strong and long‑standing presence in Oklahoma City.
Bank of America operates nine financial centers and 33 ATMs, managing nearly $4 billion in FDIC‑insured depositsacross Canadian, Cleveland, Grady, Lincoln, Logan, McClain and Oklahoma counties.
Through Bank of America's Community Homeownership Commitment, the company provided$40 million in lendingand$1 million in grants to Oklahoma City–area homebuyers in 2025, helping expand homeownership to more individuals and families.
Bank of America extended more than $733 million in loansacross Oklahoma City-area businesses, furthering local economic growth, entrepreneurship and job creation.
Since 2020, Bank of America has invested more than $4 million in grants to Oklahoma City–area nonprofits, supporting workforce development, income creation, emergency services and affordable housing.
Bank of AmericaBank of America is one of the world's leading financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small and middle-market businesses and large corporations with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. The company provides unmatched convenience in the United States, serving nearly 70 million clients with approximately 3,600 retail financial centers, approximately 15,000ATMs(automated teller machines) and award-winning digital banking with approximately 59 million verified digital users. Bank of America is a global leader in wealth management, corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of asset classes, serving corporations, governments, institutions and individuals around the world. Bank of America offers industry-leading support to approximately 4 million small business households through a suite of innovative, easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients through operations across the United States, its territories and more than 35 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock (NYSE:BAC) is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
For more Bank of America news, including dividend announcements and other important information, visit theBank of America newsroomandregister for news email alerts.
Reporters may contactBritneySheehan, Bank of AmericaPhone: 1.425.765.6162britney.w.sheehan@bofa.com

View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bofa-names-olena-lifset-oklahoma-city-president-302740124.html
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
