Title: M&T Bank's Q1 Earnings on the Deck: Here's What You Should Know
Date: 2026-04-13 15:23
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/m-t-banks-q1-earnings-152300513.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
M&T Bank CorporationMTB is slated to report first-quarter 2026 results on April 15, before the opening bell. The company is expected to have registered year-over-year increases in quarterly revenues and earnings.
In the last reported quarter, the company’s results were supported by higher net interest income (NII) and non-interest income, along with modest loan growth and higher deposits. A decline in provisions for credit losses was also a tailwind. However, an increase in expenses acted as a headwind.
Quarterly earnings surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate in three of the trailing four quarters and missed once, with the average earnings surprise being 5.51%.
M&T Bank Corporation price-eps-surprise | M&T Bank Corporation Quote
Loans & NII:Per the Fed’s latest data, demand for commercial and industrial as well as consumer loans remained strong in the first quarter, while real estate loan demand was subdued. This is likely to have supported M&T Bank’s lending activity and growth in average interest-earning assets in the to-be-reported period.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for average interest-earning assets is pegged at $193.3 billion, indicating a year-over-year rise of 2.2%.
The Federal Reserve kept interest rates unchanged at 3.50–3.75% in the first quarter. This is likely to have offered some support to MTB’s NII in the quarter to be reported, as the funding/deposit costs stabilized.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for NII (on a tax-equivalent basis) is pegged at $1.77 billion, indicating an increase of 3.8% from the year-ago reported number.
Fee Income:MTB’s average total deposits are expected to have remained relatively stable in the first quarter of 2026. This is expected to have provided some support to revenues from service charges on deposit accounts.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for the metric is pegged at $137.3 million, indicating a 3.2% rise from the year-ago quarter’s reported figure.
Meanwhile, mortgage rates remained elevated in the first quarter of 2026, hovering around 6.0%–6.5%, leading to affordability challenges. While purchase volumes remained under pressure due to limited housing inventory, refinancing activity witnessed a modest improvement from the lows seen in 2025. This is likely to have provided some support to MTB’s mortgage banking income.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for mortgage banking revenues is pegged at $121.7 million, indicating a 3.1% rise from the year-ago quarter’s reported level.
The consensus estimate for brokerage services income of $35.5 million indicates a 11% increase from that reported in the first quarter of 2025.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for trust income of $188.2 million indicates a 6.4% rise from the year-ago quarter’s actual.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for total non-interest income is pegged at $657.9 million, indicating a 7.6% increase from the year-ago quarter’s actual.
Expenses:Despite ongoing cost-control initiatives, the company’s expenses are expected to have remained elevated in the first quarter of 2026, reflecting continued investments in strengthening its franchise.
Asset quality:M&T Bank is less likely to have set aside a significantly higher amount for potential delinquent loans in the first quarter of 2026, given expectations of an interest rate cut later this year as signaled by the Fed.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for non-performing assets is pegged at $1.29 billion, indicating an 18.2% decline on a year-over-year basis.
Our proven model does not conclusively predict an earnings beat for M&T Bank this time around. The combination of a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) increases the odds of an earnings beat. This is not the case here.
You can uncover the best stocks before they are reported with our Earnings ESP Filter.
Earnings ESP:The Earnings ESP for M&T Bank is -0.58%.
Zacks Rank:M&T Bank currently carries a Zacks Rank of 3.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for MTB’s first-quarter earnings has been revised downward to $4.01 per share over the past seven days. The figure indicates an increase of nearly 18.6% from the year-ago number.
The consensus estimate for revenues is pegged at $2.43 billion, implying a rise of 5.3% from the year-ago reported level.
Here are a couple of other bank stocks that you may want to consider, as our model shows that these, too, have the right combination of elements to post an earnings beat this time:
The Earnings ESP forBank of AmericaBAC is +1.49% and carries a Zacks Rank #3 at present. You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
The company is slated to report first-quarter 2026 results on April 15, 2026. Over the past seven days, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for BAC's quarterly earnings has remained unchanged at 99 cents per share.
First Horizon CorporationFHN is also scheduled to announce first-quarter 2026 results on April 15, 2026. The company has an Earnings ESP of +0.21% and a Zacks Rank #3 at present.
Quarterly earnings estimates for FHN have also remained unchanged at 49 cents per share over the past week.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
Bank of America Corporation (BAC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
M&T Bank Corporation (MTB) : Free Stock Analysis Report
First Horizon Corporation (FHN) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
