Title: Should You Buy BAC Stock Before Q1 Earnings in an Uncertain Market?
Date: 2026-04-13 15:01
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/buy-bac-stock-q1-earnings-150100512.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Bank of AmericaBAC is scheduled to announce first-quarter 2026 results on April 15, before the opening bell.One of the biggest banks in the United States, BAC’s performance in 2025 was solid, driven by impressive trading numbers and growth in net interest income (NII). This time also, the company’s performance is expected to have been robust. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for the company’s first-quarter revenues is pegged at $29.64 billion, suggesting 8.3% year-over-year growth.In the past seven days, the consensus estimate for earnings for the to-be-reported quarter has been unchanged at 99 cents. The figure suggests a 10% rise from the prior-year quarter, as higher NII and solid capital markets business are likely to have supported BAC’s bottom-line growth.

Image Source: Zacks Investment Research

Bank of America has an impressive earnings surprise history. The company’s earnings outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate in each of the trailing four quarters, the average beat being 7.4%.

Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
NII: Per the Fed’s latest data, the demand for commercial and industrial, and consumer loans was impressive in the first quarter, which is expected to have supported overall loan growth for BAC. Likewise, its peers,JPMorganJPM andCitigroupC, are likely to have recorded a solid lending scenario.After the rate cuts in 2025, the Federal Reserve kept interest rates unchanged in the to-be-reported quarter. Thus, a solid lending scenario and stabilizing funding/deposit costs are expected to have offered the much-needed support to BAC’s NII.Bank of America expects NII (tax-equivalent basis) to increase 7% year over year in the quarter. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for NII of $15.67 billion indicates a 7.4% year-over-year increase.Investment Banking (IB) Fees: Deal-making was impressive in the first quarter despite the Middle Eastern conflict and the ensuing uncertainty about its impact on the economy. While global merger and acquisition (M&A) volume declined year over year, deal value was up as big transactions dominated the space.Unlike last year, when President Trump’s announcement of ‘Liberation Day’ tariff plans led to a deal drought for several months, this time, companies acknowledged that volatility is part of life, and they will have to do business around it. Lower capital costs and a focus on scale and artificial intelligence (AI) integration drove M&As. Bank of America’s advisory fees are likely to have recorded an improvement.Also, the first quarter saw decent IPO activity, with issuance volume improving despite fewer companies getting listed. Alternatively, global bond issuance volume was solid. Thus, growth in BAC’s underwriting fees (accounting for almost 40% of total IB fees) is expected to have been strong in the to-be-reported quarter.The Zacks Consensus Estimate for IB income of $1.71 billion indicates a rise of 12.2% from the prior-year quarter’s actual.Trading Income: Client activity and market volatility were strong in the first quarter. Major factors that impacted trading business in the quarter included shifting expectations around AI, rising geopolitical tensions, particularly concerns over the Middle East and the risk of an oil shock, persistent inflation concerns and uncertainty around the Fed’s monetary policy stance. Volatility was high in equity markets and other asset classes, including commodities, bonds and foreign exchange. Thus, BAC is likely to have recorded an impressive trading performance this time as well.The Zacks Consensus Estimate for market making and similar activities of $3.81 billion suggests a 6.3% rise on a year-over-year basis.Expenses: While Bank of America managed expenses prudently in the past, expansion into new markets by opening financial centers and efforts to digitize operations and upgrade existing financial centers are expected to have kept non-interest expenses elevated in the to-be-reported quarter.Management anticipates non-interest expenses to rise 4% year over year in the first quarter.Asset Quality: Bank of America is likely to have set aside a huge amount of money for potential delinquent loans amid a challenging operating backdrop, marked by the Middle East conflict and the apprehensions surrounding the private credit markets.The Zacks Consensus Estimate for non-performing loans and leases of $6.55 billion implies a 7.7% increase from the prior-year quarter.
Per our proven model, the chances of an earnings beat for BAC are high this time. The combination of a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) increases the odds of an earnings beat, which is the case here, as you can see below.Bank of America has an Earnings ESP of +1.49%. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they are reported with our Earnings ESP Filter.The company carries a Zacks Rank #3 at present. You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
In the first quarter, BAC shares lost 11.4%, underperforming the S&P 500 Index. In the same time frame, shares of JPMorgan and Citigroup declined 8.7% and 2.8%, respectively.

Image Source: Zacks Investment Research

JPMorgan and Citigroup are scheduled to report quarterly numbers on April 14.Let us check out the value Bank of America offers investors at current levels. BAC stock is trading at a 12-month trailing price-to-tangible book (P/TB) of 1.90X. This is below the industry’s 3.14X. This shows that the stock is currently inexpensive.

Image Source: Zacks Investment Research

The BAC stock is trading at a discount compared with JPMorgan, which has a P/TB of 3.06X. Then again, Citigroup has a P/TB of 1.36X, making it inexpensive compared with Bank of America.
Given the industry-wide solid lending scenario, along with stabilizing funding costs, Bank of America’s NII growth is expected to be robust in the near term. Management expects NII (FTE basis) to grow 5-7% year over year in 2026.The company’s aggressive branch expansion across the United States as part of a broader strategy to solidify customer relationships and tap into new markets will further drive NII growth over time. This will also help capitalize on cross-selling opportunities.Bank of America will continue to benefit from its vast scale, extensive capital markets operations and international footprint (which will drive significant fee income).However, while Bank of America’s outlook remains constructive, investors may want to avoid rushing to buy the stock. Instead, they should closely watch management’s commentary on how geopolitical risk and market volatility affect performance and how the firm plans to navigate the current environment. Any revisions to BAC’s 2026 guidance for NII, IB, non-interest expenses and asset quality will be especially important, given the recent macro developments. Broader macroeconomic and policy trends that could materially shape the company’s performance trajectory should also be carefully considered.Existing shareholders may hold BAC stock, given its strong fundamentals and proven resilience. Potential investors should carefully weigh these factors and assess their risk tolerance before initiating new positions.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
Bank of America Corporation (BAC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Citigroup Inc. (C) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
