Title: Pre-Markets Down as U.S. Sets Blockade at Hormuz
Date: 2026-04-13 14:16
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/pre-markets-down-u-sets-141600063.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Monday, April 13th, 2026We start a new trading week with plenty on our calendar — hopefully which will offer some new market narratives outside the happenings at the Strait of Hormuz and its effect on global oil prices. After today’s open, we’ll seeExisting Home Salesfor March, than for the rest of the week we’ll getPPITuesday,Imports/Exportsfor March andEmpire StateandHomebuilder Confidencefor April Wednesday, andJobless Claimsand AprilPhilly FedThursday.In addition, the first full week of Q1 earnings season is upon us. This includes many of the biggest banks on Wall Street, includingJPMorgan ChaseJPM,CitigroupC andWells FargoWFC tomorrow, andBank of AmericaBAC andMorgan StanleyMS on Wednesday. In other sectors,Johnson & JohnsonJNJ reports Tuesday, andPepsiCoPEP andNetflixNFLX post results Thursday.

Investment bank majorGoldman SachsGS outperformed Q1 expectations on both top and bottom lines this morning, but shares are slipping in the pre-market ahead of the company’s conference call. Earnings of $17.55 per share easily surpassed the $16.34 in the Zacks consensus, with $17.23 billion in revenues improving on the $16.98 billion expected, +14.4% year over year. Fixed Income revenue fell -10% in the quarter, however.There was no forward guidance in the press release, but we should be seeing more details on the call. Shares are down -4% in pre-market market activity, swinging to negative year to date. This, even though we’ve seen +24% earnings growth from a year ago on the bank’s 11th straight quarterly earnings beat.

Of course, we’re all tallying the fallout from the failed peace talks between the U.S. and Iran over the weekend. Oil prices are up +7% this morning — $104/bbl on WTI and $102/bbl on Brent crude — while early trading in the major indexes is fighting off the lows but still in negative territory (except for the Dow, which is being sandbagged somewhat by Goldman’s earnings: the Dow -465 points, the S&P 500 -33, the Nasdaq -111 points and the small-cap Russell 2000 -14.The U.S. plans to block the Strait of Hormuz this morning. This may be the most important development of this day’s trading activity. There are plenty of question marks, as the U.S. does not have a coalition of allies assisting with these efforts, but pre-markets appear to be in a wait-and-see mode for now.Questions or comments about this article and/or author? Click here>>
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (GS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Bank of America Corporation (BAC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Morgan Stanley (MS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Citigroup Inc. (C) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
