Title: Solid Trading Activity, Growth in NIR to Drive Schwab's Q1 Earnings
Date: 2026-04-13 13:14
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/solid-trading-activity-growth-nir-131400358.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Charles SchwabSCHW is scheduled to report first-quarter 2026 earnings on April 16, before market open. The company’s quarterly earnings and revenues are expected to have increased on a year-over-year basis.Schwab’s fourth-quarter 2025 earnings outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate, driven by the solid performance of the asset management business and higher trading revenues. Higher net interest revenues (NIR) and solid brokerage account numbers were other positives.The company has an impressive earnings surprise history. Its earnings surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate in each of the trailing four quarters, with the average beat being 4.11%.
The Charles Schwab Corporation price-eps-surprise | The Charles Schwab Corporation Quote
Before we take a look at what our quantitative model predicts, let us check the factors that are likely to have impacted Schwab’s first-quarter performance.
Trading Revenues:Client activity and market volatility were robust in the first quarter. Major factors that influenced trading business in the quarter included shifting expectations around AI, rising geopolitical tensions, particularly concerns over the Middle East and the risk of an oil shock, persistent inflation concerns and uncertainty around the Fed’s monetary policy stance.The number of new brokerage accounts opened grew in the first two months of the quarter. Nonetheless, in January and February, SCHW’s core net new assets were down year over year.Despite this, Schwab is expected to have witnessed a rise in trading revenues in the to-be-reported quarter. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for trading revenues is pegged at $1.08 billion, which suggests an 18.4% increase from the prior-year quarter.NIR:The consensus estimate for SCHW’s average interest-earning assets for the to-be-reported quarter is $439.6 billion, indicating a year-over-year rise of 2.9%.In the quarter, the Federal Reserve kept interest rates unchanged. However, lower rates are likely to have hurt SCHW’s NIR and net interest margin (NIM) to some extent, but a solid lending scenario and stabilizing funding/deposit costs are expected to have offered the much-needed support.The company’s continued focus on repaying high-cost bank supplemental funding balances is expected to have further supported growth.The Zacks Consensus Estimate for NIR is pegged at $3.19 billion, indicating a rise of 18% from the prior-year quarter.Asset Management & Administration Fees:Led by subdued equity market performance during the quarter, Schwab is likely to have recorded weak growth in asset management and administration fees. In January and February, Schwab’s client assets receiving ongoing advisory services grew from the prior-year periods.The consensus estimate for asset management and administration fees for the to-be-reported quarter is pegged at $1.74 billion, which implies year-over-year growth of 14%.Expenses:Schwab’s operating expenses have been elevated in the past few quarters. Due to persistent regulatory spending and strategic acquisitions, marketing and advertising, and efforts to enhance business efficiency, expenses are likely to have increased in the to-be-reported quarter. Also, the company’s plan to expand its branch network and hire for branch-related positions is expected to have led to higher expenses.
In March, Schwab acquired Forge Global Holdings, Inc. The all-cash transaction, valued at $660 million, was announced in November 2025.Per the agreement, Schwab paid $45 per share in cash for each share of Forge Global.In the near term, the company plans to extend access to more than 1 million retail clients and registered investment advisers (RIAs), with further expansion to all qualified investors and enhanced stock-plan and proprietary solutions over the medium term.The move aligns with Schwab’s strategy to offer private market capabilities to retail and advisor clients, leveraging its comprehensive suite of wealth, advisory and investment management solutions, to address the complex needs of investors.
According to our quantitative model, the chances of Schwab beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate for earnings this time are high. This is because it has the right combination of the two key ingredients — a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) or better.You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they are reported with our Earnings ESP Filter.Earnings ESP:The Earnings ESP for Schwab is +1.93%.Zacks Rank:The company currently carries a Zacks Rank #3.
In the past seven days, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for first-quarter earnings has been revised marginally higher to $1.37 per share. This indicates a 31.7% rise from the year-ago quarter.The consensus estimate for quarterly sales is pegged at $6.44 billion, which suggests a 15% increase from the prior-year quarter. Management anticipates first-quarter total revenues to increase about 16% year-over-year.
Here are a couple of other finance stocks that you may want to consider, as these too have the right combination of elements to post an earnings beat in their upcoming releases:JPMorganJPM is scheduled to announce first-quarter 2026 results on April 14. The company carries a Zacks Rank #3 at present and has an Earnings ESP of +0.52%.Quarterly earnings estimates for JPMorgan have been revised lower to $5.46 per share over the past week.The Earnings ESP forBank of AmericaBAC is +1.49%, and it carries a Zacks Rank #3 at present. The company is slated to report first-quarter 2026 results on April 15. You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.Over the past seven days, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for Bank of America’s quarterly earnings has been unchanged at 99 cents per share.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
Bank of America Corporation (BAC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
The Charles Schwab Corporation (SCHW) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
