Title: Higher NII & Loan Growth to Aid PNC Financial's Q1 Earnings
Date: 2026-04-13 14:57
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/higher-nii-loan-growth-aid-145700051.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.PNC is scheduled to report first-quarter 2026 earnings on April 15, before market open. The company’s revenues and earnings are expected to have improved on a year-over-year basis.
In the fourth quarter of 2025, the company’s earnings surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate, driven by higher net interest income (NII) and fee income. Further, rising loan and deposit balances, along with a decline in provisions for credit losses, supported the results. However, higher expenses acted as a headwind.
PNC has an impressive earnings surprise history. Its earnings surpassed estimates in the trailing four quarters with an average surprise of 8.54%.
The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc price-eps-surprise | The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc Quote
NII & Loan:In the first quarter of 2026, the Federal Reserve kept interest rates unchanged. This is likely to have supported PNC Financial’s NII in the quarter, given stabilizing funding/deposit costs.
Management expects NII to rise approximately 6% sequentially in the first quarter of 2026.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for NII of $3.94 billion indicates a sequential rise of nearly 5.7%.
Per the Fed’s latest data, the demand for commercial and industrial and consumer loans was solid during the quarter, while real estate loan demand was subdued. As such, the company’s overall lending activity is expected to have strengthened in the to-be-reported quarter.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for average interest earnings assets of $551.8 billion indicates a sequential rise of 7.6%. The company expects average loans to rise nearly 5% sequentially in the first quarter of 2026.
Non-Interest Revenues:Mortgage rates remained elevated during the first quarter of 2026, hovering in the range of 6-6.5%, adversely affecting affordability. While refinancing activity witnessed a slight improvement from 2025 lows, origination volumes continued to face pressure due to inventory constraints. As such, PNC’s mortgage-related revenues are likely to have remained under pressure in the quarter to be reported.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for the residential and commercial mortgage revenues is pegged at $150 million, indicating a decline of 1.3% sequentially.
Further, the quarter witnessed solid client activity and heightened market volatility, driven by factors such as shifting expectations around AI, rising geopolitical tensions, persistent inflation concerns, and uncertainty surrounding the Fed’s monetary policy stance. Meanwhile, equity markets’ performance remained volatile, along with fluctuations across commodities, bonds, and foreign exchange. As a result, PNC Financial’s asset management and brokerage income is likely to have benefited from increased client engagement and trading activity during the quarter.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for the metric is pegged at $414.4 million, indicating a nearly 1% rise sequentially.
Global mergers and acquisitions (M&As) activity remained weak in the first quarter of 2026, as volumes declined year over year, though deal value increased with large transactions dominating the space. Last year, President Trump’s ‘Liberation Day’ tariff announcement led to a sharp slowdown in deal-making activity for several months. While companies have since adapted to operating in a volatile environment, geopolitical uncertainty related to the Middle East conflict persisted in the quarter to be reported. As a result, lower deal volumes are likely to have weighed on overall activity, leading to a decline in PNC’s capital markets and advisory revenues in the quarter to be reported.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for the company’s capital markets and advisory income of $443.8 million indicates a nearly 9.2% sequential decline.
Further, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for card and cash management revenues is pinned at $735.7 million, indicating a sequential marginal rise. The consensus mark for lending and deposit services is pegged at $338.5 million, indicating a 1% decline from the prior quarter’s actual.
Management expects fee income to decline nearly 1%-2% sequentially in the first quarter of 2026.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for non-interest income is pegged at $2.23 billion, indicating a 4.7% decline from the last quarter.
Expenses:The company’s expenses are expected to have continued flaring up during the first quarter of 2026 due to its investments in franchise expansion, technology and digitalization.
Management expects non-interest expenses to rise nearly 4% sequentially in the first quarter of 2026.
Asset Quality:PNC Financial is likely to have maintained elevated reserves at this time, particularly in commercial lending, amid a challenging operating backdrop shaped by the Middle East conflict and persistent inflation, which could pressure consumer demand and lead to higher delinquencies.
Management expects net charge-offs to be around $200 million, up from $162 million in the fourth quarter of 2025.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for non-performing assets is pegged at $2.49 billion, indicating an increase of 5.3% from the previous quarter. Also, the consensus estimate for non-performing loans is pinned at $2.41 billion, implying a sequential rise of 8.8%.
Our proven model predicts an earnings beat for PNC Financial this time. The combination of a positive Earnings ESP and Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy), or 3 (Hold) increases the odds of an earnings beat. That is exactly the case here.
You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they’re reported with our Earnings ESP Filter.
Earnings ESP:PNC Financial has an Earnings ESP of +1.57%.
Zacks Rank:The company currently carries a Zacks Rank of 3.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for first-quarter earnings per share has remained unchanged at $4.10 over the past seven days. This implies a year-over-year rise of 16.8%.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for quarterly revenues of $6.23 billion indicates a 13.6% year-over-year increase. PNC projects total revenues to rise nearly 2%-3% in the first quarter of 2026 from $6.1 billion reported in the fourth quarter of 2025.
In January 2026, PNC Financial completed its previously announced acquisition of FirstBank Holding Company, including its banking subsidiary, FirstBank, after receiving all required regulatory approvals. The transaction meaningfully strengthens PNC’s footprint in Colorado and Arizona, two of the fastest-growing banking markets in the United States.
Management expects the acquisition to be earnings accretive, adding nearly $1 per share by 2027, with integration slated for completion by June 2026. The acquisition adds nearly $26.8 billion in assets and 95 branches, more than tripling PNC’s branch network in Colorado to around 120 locations.
Here are a couple of other bank stocks that you may want to consider, as our model shows that these, too, have the right combination of elements to post an earnings beat this time:
The Earnings ESP forBank of AmericaBAC is +1.49% and carries a Zacks Rank #3 at present.  You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
The company is slated to report first-quarter 2026 results on April 15, 2026. Over the past seven days, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for BAC's quarterly earnings has remained unchanged at 99 cents per share.
First Horizon CorporationFHN is also scheduled to announce first-quarter 2026 results on April 15, 2026. The company has an Earnings ESP of +0.21% and a Zacks Rank #3 at present.
Quarterly earnings estimates for FHN have also remained unchanged at 49 cents per share over the past week.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
Bank of America Corporation (BAC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc (PNC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
First Horizon Corporation (FHN) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
