Title: Higher Gas Prices Are Already Having a Positive Impact on Costco's Sales
Date: 2026-04-13 21:20
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/13/higher-gas-prices-are-already-having-a-positive-im/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The company's March sales numbers looked a lot better than they've been of late.
A big perk of having aCostco(COST1.79%)membership is being able to fill up a tank of gas at a lower price. Now, with oil prices spiking due to the war in Iran and uncertainty in the Middle East, there's even more of an incentive for shoppers to go to their local Costco warehouses to save money.
For Costco, that can potentially create a domino effect where shoppers fill up on gas and, while they're nearby, also load up on essentials. And recently, the company released its latest sales numbers, which seemed to indicate that traffic has indeed been rising.
Image source: Getty Images.
Costco reports monthly comparable sales that include everything and that also exclude the impacts of changes in gas prices and foreign exchange. Below is a summary of the past three months.
Comparable Sales Growth
(including everything)
Comparable Sales Growth
(excluding impacts from changes in gas and foreign exchange)
Table by author. Source: Company press releases.

There has been a noticeable uptick in theretail company's overall sales growth rate in March, rising to over 9%. However, when factoring out changes in gas prices and foreign exchange, the comparable growth was actually a bit lower than it has been in earlier months this year. While higher gas prices have led to greater growth, it doesn't appear that there's been more in-store shopping.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Costco may be getting a boost from higher oil prices, but its costs are also higher, which is going to negate much of the benefit for the bottom line. What's disappointing is that there hasn't been a related increase in the growth rate that excludes changes in gas prices and foreign exchange, suggesting that people may simply be filling up on gas and leaving right away. And since they're not physically inside the stores, it's easy to just drive off.
I wouldn't suggestbuying Costco stockjust because gas prices are higher. While the business may benefit from more traffic, the early numbers don't seem to support the idea that it will lead to stronger in-store sales. And with geopolitical conditions changing rapidly this year, it's difficult to predict what will happen in the weeks and months ahead.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Plus, with Costco stock trading at more than 50 times its trailing earnings, it isn't a cheap buy, either. Unless there's a significant price decline, I would continue to steer clear of the stock, as it remains highly expensive, and any benefit the company may receive from higher oil prices may not be enough to change that.




Before you buy stock inCostco Wholesale, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andCostco Wholesalewasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2026.

David Jagielski, CPAhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2026.

