Title: Why Palo Alto Networks Stock Popped Powerfully on Monday
Date: 2026-04-13 23:41
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/13/why-palo-alto-networks-popped-powerfully-today/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
A wave of bullishness has hit the tech sector.
Legacy tech companies experienced something of a revival on Monday, and Palo Alto Networks(PANW+4.35%)was swept up in the rally. An influential research note from a storied investment bank provided a tailwind to such titles, as did another from an analyst tracking thecybersecurity stock.
A major influence on investor sentiment toward such companies was a top-down analysis published byGoldman Sachson Friday. In that analysis, the bank's Peter Oppenheimer essentially said that the rout had left many sector mainstays oversold, leading to a mismatch between still-robust growth rates and declining valuations.
Image source: Getty Images.
This helped ignite the rally many techies experienced on Monday, and alone it probably would have boosted bullishness in Palo Alto stock.
Yet it was assisted by an update fromPiper Sandler's Rob Owens Monday morning. In his new note, Owens reiterated his overweight (read: buy) recommendation on the stock, and his $265 per share price target.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Owens's new take followed his company's hosting of a set of investor meetings with Palo Alto's senior vice president of investor relations, Hamza Fodderwala. According to reports, after these events the analyst walked away convinced that the company was not only resistant to artificial intelligence (AI) disruption -- a key factor in the sector's rout -- but also well poised to benefit from AI integration.
These recent analyses match my own feelings about the hammering that veteran tech stocks have taken lately. Yes, AI is a potentially disruptive technology, but any wise management team is aware of this, and the better ones are taking steps to either head off the threat or embrace the technology to their own advantage.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is968%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
Owens is correct, I believe, in thinking that Palo Alto can do both. I'd strongly agree that the company's stock has been unfairly punished by Mr. Market, and I'm not surprised to see it reviving now.




Before you buy stock inPalo Alto Networks, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andPalo Alto Networkswasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

Eric Volkmanhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Goldman Sachs Group. The Motley Fool recommends Palo Alto Networks. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

