Title: Ray Dalio’s Latest Value Buys Are Turning Heads—Here’s What Stood Out
Date: 2026-04-14 00:34
URL: https://247wallst.com/investing/2026/04/13/ray-dalios-latest-value-buys-are-turning-heads-heres-what-stood-out/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Investing
Oracle (ORCL)trades at 27.9x trailing P/E and is positioning itself as an agent-first software company benefiting from Oracle Cloud Infrastructure growth and AI compute demand.Nvidia (NVDA)has compressed to a 38.6x trailing P/E valuation after eight months of sideways movement, and remains the dominant AI infrastructure play.
Bridgewater Associates’ Q4 purchases of these stocks signal, in my view, value opportunities in overlooked names that are positioned to capitalize on the AI infrastructure buildout and compute demand tailwinds.
The analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks.Get them here FREE.
Sending You to Google News in3
©Web Summit 2018 - Centre Stage - Day 2, November 7 DSC 5234 (30828439497)(CC BY 2.0) byWeb Summit

Ray Dalio’s a brilliant investor who’s worth paying close attention to, not just because of his impressive wealth-compounding track record, but because the man knows the importance of balancing risk with reward. Undoubtedly, when it comes to building wealth, it’s more than just about going for growth. The brilliant investors, like Dalio, know that the risk side of the equation is just as important, if not more so.
In any case, this piece will have a closer look at moves made by Dalio’s legendary Bridgewater Associates. They’re wise moves, which I think could suggest where the value is in today’s choppy market that has no shortage of risks. Here are two value buys that I think scream deep value.
Of course, not everybody is going to have the courage to jump into the side of the pool where there’s deeper value to be had, since it often entails buying stocks that have fallen upon hard times. Either way, the following names, which Bridgewater scooped up in the fourth quarter of last year, I think, are more than worthy of the watchlist this April.
First, we have shares ofOracle(NYSE:ORCL|ORCL Price Prediction), which just came off one of its best days in a while, gaining just shy of 13% in a single day, clawing back the losses it had in the past month. There might be more massive big up days for Oracle as investors look to pick up a software bargain in weakness. Oracle isn’t just a software play that’s overspending to make a splash into AI infrastructure, though.
The company looks far more agent-first than most other software companies under the microscope. And with explosive growth to be had from OCI (Oracle Cloud Infrastructure), I do think that the name is a deep-value play for investors willing to look beyond the debt load and beyond the fearful headlines that suggest AI is eating software for lunch.
The latest advancement in AI (think Claude Mythos) really bodes well for the future of AI compute. And despite any hurdles or risks ahead, I do think the high degree of perceived risk is balanced well by the considerable rewards to be had if the company gets things right with AI. In my view, Bridgewater’s Q4 bet gives me confidence in a name that investors are too quick to count out.
READ: The analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010just named his top 10 AI stocks
At 27.9 times trailing price-to-earnings (P/E), the name is a bargain if you think the world just cannot get enough AI compute, which may very well be the case since constraints might only allow a portion of AI demand to be met in the coming years. Could the base case actually lie closer to the bull case? As always, time will tell, but I do think the more than 50% haircut in the stock is overdone.
Next, we haveNvidia(NASDAQ:NVDA), which might come off as a bit of a surprise, given the debate surrounding whether or not the GPU maker is actually a legit value play.
How many value stocks do you know that have risen over 1,000% in five years? Probably not that many. Either way, I think the value case has strengthened after around eight months of doing nothing. The multiple has compressed to a reasonable level (38.6 times trailing P/E), especially given that AI demand remains incredibly hot.
In prior pieces, I outlined competition, rather than a fizzling of the AI boom, as a top threat to Nvidia’s growth and margins. As long as Jensen Huang keeps delivering impressive performance gains, though, I think the picture-perfect environment could have some number of years to go, as the AI infrastructure shift moves ahead.
As Nvidia stock starts garnering momentum, I think the rewards far outweigh the risks, even as famed short Michael Burry adds to his bearish put position.

Wall Street is pouring billions into AI, but most investors are buying the wrong stocks. The analyst who first identified NVIDIA as a buy back in 2010 — before its 28,000% run — has just pinpointed 10 new AI companies he believes could deliver outsized returns from here. One dominates a $100 billion equipment market. Another is solving the single biggest bottleneck holding back AI data centers. A third is a pure-play on an optical networking market set to quadruple. Most investors haven't heard of half these names.Get the free list of all 10 stocks here.
Joey is a 24/7 Wall St. contributor and seasoned investment writer whose work can also be found in publications such as The Motley Fool and TipRanks. Holding a B.A.Sc in Computer Engineering from the University of British Columbia (UBC), Joey has leveraged his technical background to provide insightful stock analyses to readers.
Joey's investment philosophy is heavily influenced by Warren Buffett's value investing principles. As a dedicated Buffett disciple, Joey is committed to unearthing value in the tech sector and beyond.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Shares of Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) seem to be a victim of its own past successes, and while…
Ray Dalio, the brilliant billionaire investor over at Bridgewater Associates, made some notable moves in the first quarter that were…
AI and AI infrastructure stocks have been punished, and while a bottom might not yet be in sight, I still…
Investors probably aren’t thinking all too much about the former high-flying quantum computing stocks or the nascent technological trend as…
Every once in a while, the market gets into a really bad mood and starts marking down stocks that fit…
Say what you want about bond king Ray Dalio, but the CEO of Bridgewater Associates is very opinionated and is…
While others see an inflating AI bubble that could burst and lose investors a boatload of money, others see underinvestment…
It’s easy to give up on software stocks (especially SaaS companies) or write off the future of the industry entirely.…
This discussion explores secondary opportunities to benefit from the AI boom beyond the most talked about stocks like NVIDIA (NASDAQ:…
