Title: 1 No-Brainer Healthcare Vanguard ETF to Buy Right Now for Less Than $1,000
Date: 2026-04-13 22:05
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/13/1-no-brainer-healthcare-vanguard-etf-buy-right-now/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Healthcare stocks have been laggards for a while now. The current economic slowdown and structural tailwinds make it much more attractive now.
Healthcare is a sector that's about as durable as they come. Everybody continually needs medicine, doctor's visits, and medical equipment. That makes it a sector with steady, sustained demand regardless of the economic environment.
It's not exciting though, which is why the sector has underperformed lately. No one wants boring whenartificial intelligence (AI) stocksare rocketing higher.
But conditions are changing. The economy is slowing, recession fear is growing, and the geopolitical backdrop adds another wild card to the mix.
If you've got cash sitting on the sidelines right now, there's a compelling case to put it to work in theVanguard Healthcare ETF(VHT+0.77%), one of my favorite funds in this space.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Image source: Getty Images.
From a structural standpoint, the healthcare sector has one of the most resilient demand profiles in the global economy. The need for medical care, prescription drugs, and health services is constant. In an economy where consumer spending capacity is shrinking, growth is slowing, and inflation is rising, the kind of profile makes sense as a defensive component to a portfolio.
The sector is also benefiting from increased capital spending. Many hospitals and facilities are in the very early stages of weaving AI into their workflows. Medical equipment and facilities need upgrading. The latest medical equipment needs to be purchased and implemented.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is968%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
As a result, healthcare spending is projected to increase to $7.7 trillion by 2032, which would amount to nearly 20% of gross domestic product (GDP).
The natural comparison for theVanguard Healthcare ETFis theState Street Health Care Select Sector SPDR ETF(XLV+0.45%).
Sources:Vanguard,State Street
When investing in a more narrow, thematic sector, I prefer something more concentrated to make it as pure play as possible. When investing in a core economic sector, however, I prefer broad and diversified investments.
The Vanguard Healthcare ETF targets companies of all sizes, not just the big ones. Longer-term performance has lagged that of the State Street Health Care Select Sector SPDR ETF, but that's a byproduct of the market's recent focus on large caps. Over time, I'd expect to see the small-cap portion of the Vanguard fund's portfolio to help enhance returns.
Given the undervalued nature ofhealthcare sector stocksand the slowing U.S. economy, this ETF makes a lot of sense for your next investment.




Before you buy stock inVanguard World Fund - Vanguard Health Care ETF, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andVanguard World Fund - Vanguard Health Care ETFwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

David Dierkinghas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

