Title: Palantir's AIP Is Its Secret Growth Weapon. But Is the Stock a Buy?
Date: 2026-04-14 00:50
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/13/palantirs-aip-is-its-secret-growth-weapon-but-is-t/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
AIP has caused Palantir's revenue to soar.
Palantir Technologies(PLTR+3.37%)has been one of the greatest stocks you could have bought at the start of the artificial intelligence (AI) boom in 2023. If you invested $10,000 into Palantir at the start of 2023, that sum of money is now worth around $206,000. That's an incredible return in a short time frame, and there's really one product that investors can point to for those results: AIP -- the Artificial Intelligence Platform.
While AIP may not be the most original name out there, its impact has been felt deeply in Palantir's business, driving incredible growth. But after delivering massive gains, is Palantir stock still a buy? Let's take a look.
Image source: The Motley Fool.
Originally, Palantir was an AI product to help users make sense of vast amounts of information. Originally developed for the defense and intelligence communities, Palantir eventually found use in other branches of government and in commercial applications.
Before 2023 began, Palantir was entering a bit of a business lull and started to see its growth rate dip beneath 20% year over year. Palantir wasn't finding as many clients for its AI platform, but all of that changed when generative AI arrived.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Palantir offered the AIP platform to help users easily implement AI controls in businesses and develop AI agents to automate tasks on their behalf. This product was wildly successful inattracting new clientsto its platform, and the company hasn't looked back.
Over the past few years, its growth rate has accelerated, leading to the incredible stock returns discussed above.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is968%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

PLTR Revenue (Quarterly YoY Growth)data byYCharts
For 2026, Wall Street analysts estimate 62% revenue growth, but Palantir has handily outperformed expectations nearly every year, so don't be surprised if it's even higher. With that kind of growth on the horizon, the stock may seem like a no-brainer buy, but there's one catch: valuation.
Palantir's stock is overvalued and already has years of strong growth baked in. Although its valuation has come down a fair bit, it still trades for 100 times forward earnings.

PLTR PE Ratio (Forward)data byYCharts
With the forward earnings metric, this year's impressive 62% projected growth is already priced into it. For Palantir to fall to a more reasonable valuation range, say about 33 times forward earnings, it must triple its earnings from the end of this year's level. That's a big task, especially since it needs to rely on revenue growth to do it, because it's already posting impressive 44% profit margins.
As a result, I think investors should probably avoid the stock. There isalready too much success priced in, and while I believe the company will continue to thrive,Palantir stockmay struggle.




Before you buy stock inPalantir Technologies, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andPalantir Technologieswasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

Keithen Druryhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Palantir Technologies. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

