Title: CVS Health Just Got a $13 Billion Reprieve. Here's Why the Stock Could Keep Climbing.
Date: 2026-04-13 23:50
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/13/cvs-health-just-got-a-13-billion-reprieve-heres-wh/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
CVS remains undervalued compared to peers, even after recent bullish news.
In a matter of months, a key issue affectingCVS Health's(CVS1.50%)performance has seemingly vanished. On April 7, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) finalized the amount by which it will increase payments to providers operating under the Medicare program.
As you may recall, the original proposed increase was poorly received by investors, mostly because it was barely above zero and heightened concerns about a further squeeze on industry margins. But now, with the official increase far better than expected,healthcare stockslike CVS Health have surged again.
Rather than being the recipient of a short-lived rally, the latest Medicare rate increase could kick off a further surge in shares.
Image source: Getty Images.
Back in January, news of CMS's proposed 0.09% Medicare rate increase sparked a sharp sell-off in top healthcare stock, including CVS. To some, this may be surprising. After all, isn't CVS just a pharmacy chain?
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
That hasn't been the case for quite some time. Currently, CVS is a highly diversified provider of healthcare services. Besides operating its eponymous chain of pharmacies, CVS Health is the parent company of health insurance provider Aetna. As a major provider of Medicare Advantage plans, the prospect of just a 0.09% increase signaled lower profitability ahead.
However, with CMS's finalized payment policy calling for a nearly 2.5% increase, perceptions regarding future profitability have improved considerably. With this increase, insurers will collect $13 billion more in payments than previously expected.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Although payment increases still lag rising costs of as much as 9% annually, sell-side analysts likeMizuho's Jared Holz believe plan providers like CVS Health's Aetna unit have a greater chance of increasing their margins next year, mostly through benefit cuts.
The biggest takeaway with the Medicare payment rate decision news is what it could mean for CVS Health's earnings in the coming year. Although managed care accounts for only a portion of CVS's overall business, the aforementioned news bodes well for confidence in management's 2026 earnings guidance.
As stated in the Q4 2025earnings report, management expects CVS's adjusted earnings per share to come in between $7 and $7.20 per share. Shares have rallied from the low $70s since the Medicare announcement, implying the stock is trading at around 11 times forward earnings.Health insurance stockslikeUnitedHealth GroupandHumanatrade at 15 to 20 times forward earnings.
That's not to say that CVS is destined to reach valuation parity with these stocks, but even partially bridging the valuation gap could have a considerable impact on CVS's stock price. For instance, at 13 or 14 times forward earnings, based on current guidance, a move to $90 or $100 per share may be reasonable. The potential upside, both in the near and longer term, could be even greater.
The high end of analyst estimates calls for CVS to report EPS of $7.40 this year, with the larger Medicare payments perhaps driving a further double-digit earnings growth in 2027. Alongside growth potential, an investment in CVS Health offers steady gains via the stock's 3.4% forward dividend yield.




Before you buy stock inCVS Health, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andCVS Healthwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

Thomas Nielhas positions in UnitedHealth Group. The Motley Fool recommends CVS Health and UnitedHealth Group. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

