Title: Should You Buy Microsoft Stock Before April 29?
Date: 2026-04-13 21:20
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/13/should-you-buy-microsoft-stock-before-april-29/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The tech giant reports earnings later this month.
If you were to look atMicrosoft(MSFT+3.64%)'s share price, you might think that the business is struggling. It has fallen 21% this year, and over the past 12 months, the stock has declined by 1%. That's not the type of performance you might expect from a company that's as robust and diversified as Microsoft, particularly as it's investing in new opportunities in artificial intelligence (AI).
Thetech stockneeds a positive catalyst, and investors may be hopeful that when it reports its latest earnings on April 29, it could finally get one. Should you buy the stockbeforethen?
Image source: Getty Images.
A big concern for investors recently has been that Microsoft's cloud business, Azure, has been growing at a slower pace of late. And that could be a key number that yet again dictates how the stock does after it reports earnings. Back in January, the stock fell heavily, as you'll see in the chart below, as Azure's growth rate came in at 39% -- down from 40% a quarter earlier.

MSFTdata byYCharts
The past two earnings reports have resulted in significant declines for Microsoft's stock. Back in October, it was an increase in capex spending that spooked investors, calling into question whether its AI strategy was worth the price.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
At this stage, however, unless there's a troublingnewdevelopment, much of the negativity around the stock may already be priced in.
Shares of Microsoft have dipped so low that the stock is now trading at just 23 times its trailing earnings, and 19 times forward earnings (which are based on analyst expectations). By comparison, the averageS&P 500stock trades at a trailing earnings multiple of more than 24 and an expected future profit multiple of 21. Microsoft's stock ischeaper against both metrics.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
There's some good value with Microsoft's stock today, which may make it too tempting an investment to pass up. This is one of the safest tech stocks you can own. It generates margins of around 40%, and even if its growth rate in one area of its business is slowing down, I don't think that justifies it trading at a discount to the S&P 500. This is still a company that has some fantastic long-term growth prospects, and buying it ahead of earnings, regardless of what happens, may prove to be a great move for patient investors.




Before you buy stock inMicrosoft, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andMicrosoftwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2026.

David Jagielski, CPAhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Microsoft. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2026.

