Title: Why Biohaven Stock Crushed it on Monday
Date: 2026-04-13 22:01
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/13/why-biohaven-stock-crushed-it-on-monday/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The biotech was boosted by an analyst's initiation of coverage.
Biohaven(BHVN+10.36%)stock got quite the shot in the arm as the trading week began. On Monday, an analyst initiated coverage of the clinical-stagebiotechwith a very bullish buy recommendation; not suprisingly, investors took this to heart and pushed the price of the shares up by more than 10% that trading session.
The person behind the initiation was Canaccord Genuity's Sumant Kulkami, who flagged Biohaven as a buy with a price target of $21 per share. That figure is significant, as it's more than double Biohaven's present level, even after the Monday price pop.
Image source: Getty Images.
According to reports, Kulkami indicated he was particularly impressed with the company's opakalim, a drug that mainly targets epileptic seizures (although it's also being evaluated for inherited erythromelalgia, a condition that results in chronic pain). Opakalim is currently in phase 3 clinical testing for focal epilepsy.
Kulkami basically sees Biohaven as a sleeper play on this trial and believes now is an especially opportune time to buy the stock ahead of its top-line readout. This is anticipated to occur in the second half of this year.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
The fortunes of biotechs, particularly those in the clinical stage, depend crucially on what happens in the lab. So far, opakalim has performed very well (though not across all indications) and is well advanced in development, so we might be looking at commercialization in the near future. That's an exciting possibility, and it makes this inexpensive stock worth considering as a buy.




Before you buy stock inBiohaven, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andBiohavenwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

Eric Volkmanhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

