Title: Why Oracle Stock Rebounded Today
Date: 2026-04-14 02:01
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/13/why-oracle-stock-rebounded-today/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
AI is an opportunity more so than a threat.
Shares ofOracle(ORCL+12.74%)rallied on Monday after the software giant highlighted its artificial intelligence (AI)-powered offerings.
By the close of trading, Oracle's stock price was up over 12%.
Image source: Getty Images.
Investors have long asked about the real-world impact of AI. Specifically, they want to know whether AI will have a tangible effect on household budgets and companies' bottom lines, beyond those who sell AI chips and related equipment.
Oracle wants to provide evidence of AI's benefits. As part of its Customer Edge Summit, the software star announced that its AI-driven programs helped residential customers save $369 million dollars on their electric and gas bills in 2025 alone.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Oracle enables utilities to provide their customers with home energy reports, usage trends and alerts, and digital self-service tools that help them reduce their energy bills.
Thetechtitan also provides AI-enhanced services that help utilities prevent equipment breakdowns, improve load forecasting, and strengthen grid resiliency.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
The surge in Oracle's stock price sparked a rebound in beaten-down software stocks.
In recent months, fears that AI would disrupt many software-driven business models drove many traders to sell first and ask questions later.
Oracle wasn't spared from this onslaught of fear-induced selling. Even after today's gains, the cloud platform leader's share price is down nearly 55% from its 52-week high back in September.
Oracle's AI-focused announcements reminded investors that it stands to benefit from the game-changing technology -- and perhaps far more than it stands to lose from any potential disruption.




Before you buy stock inOracle, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andOraclewasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

Joe Tenebrusohas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Oracle. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

