Title: Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang Says 'Move To California' Even As Billionaires Look To Flee State's Proposed Wealth Tax
Date: 2026-04-14 00:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/policy/articles/nvidia-ceo-jensen-huang-says-003112465.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Jensen Huang, CEO ofNvidia Corp., urged people to move to California despite the state’s high taxes on Thursday, a stance that contrasts with the recentexodus of billionairesfrom the state.
“I say to everybody, ‘Move to California. Don’t leave. It’s the highest taxes in the world, but it’s OK,'” Huang said at Stanford Graduate School of Business alongside Rep.Ro Khanna(D-Calif.).
“The weather is great,” Huang added.
Don't Miss:
These Rare Earth ETFs Are Drawing Major Investors — Here's What to Understand
Think Your ‘Safe' Stocks Protect You? You're Ignoring the Real Growth Triggers —Here's What to Add Now
Huang's remarks put him at odds with a growing wave of ultra-high-net-worth individuals leaving California and signal that the state's most prominent tech leaders remain divided over whether its tax climate poses an existential threat to Silicon Valley's dominance—a debate with significant implications for innovation, capital formation, and the broader U.S. technology sector.
Comments fromone of the world’s 10th-richest peoplecome at a time when several high-profile billionaires, including tech executives, have been leaving California due to proposed wealth taxes and other financial considerations.
A proposed ballot measure called the 2026 Billionaire Tax Act would place a one-time 5% tax on those with a net worth exceeding $1 billion and impose a one-time $1 billion tax on those with at least $20 billion in assets as of Jan. 1, targeting about 200 billionaires living in the state.
Supporters say it could generate around $100 billion to help address funding shortfalls in health care and education.
See Also: Caught With Nothing Saved for Retirement?These 5 Game‑Changing Tips Could Still Save You
Googleco-founderSergey Brinhas been quietly amassing a $200 million real estate portfolio in tax-friendly jurisdictions, while fellow Google co-founderLarry Pagereportedly moved several business entities out of California amid the proposed wealth tax.
Other tech leaders, such asMeta Platforms Inc.CEOMark Zuckerberg, have also taken steps to secure their financial future.
Meanwhile, venture capitalistVinod Khoslahas accused Rep. Ro Khanna of advocating for a “commie” tax that could drive away a significant portion of California’s wealthiest citizens.
Other notable figures to have criticized the proposed tax includePalantirchairmanPeter Thiel, who donated $3 million to a committee opposing the measure, venture capitalistChamath Palihapitiyaand hedge fund billionaireBill Ackman, both of whom warned the tax could kill entrepreneurship and stifle innovation in the state.
Photo Courtesy:Shutterstock
Read Next:
Think you're saving enough for your kids?You might be dangerously off — see why
Before you make an offer,ask these 6 questions every homebuyer should know — or face serious regret later.
UNLOCKED: 5 NEW TRADES EVERY WEEK.Click now to get top trade ideas daily, plus unlimited access to cutting-edge tools and strategies to gain an edge in the markets.
Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga:
APPLE (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report
TESLA (TSLA): Free Stock Analysis Report
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
