Title: Why Microsoft Stock Topped the Market Today
Date: 2026-04-13 23:05
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/13/why-microsoft-stock-topped-the-market-today/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Both analysts and investors are getting more bullish about beaten-down tech sector companies.
Two updates from analysts at influential companies helped bolster the buy case forMicrosoft(MSFT+3.64%)stock on Monday. The storied tech sector incumbent saw its share price improve by 3.6% that trading session, easily outpacing the 1% gain of the benchmarkS&P 500index.
Arguably, the more impactful of the two reports was published last Friday, yet by the following trading day, it was still shaping investor behavior. This was a tech sector overview fromGoldman Sachsthat heightened the rout many legacy software companies have endured so far this year.
Image source: Getty Images.
Much of this is due to fears of disruption byartificial intelligence (AI), which, some worry, could become "smart" enough to code sophisticated applications with little or no involvement from human programmers.
Markets tend to overshoot, and Goldman Sachs -- in the person of its chief global equity strategist, Peter Oppenheimer -- believes this has left many otherwise over-performing companies undervalued. Oppenheimer was quoted as saying that the sell-off has "opened up an opportunity in the technology sector where growth rates remain strong, but valuations are now low."
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Compounding that, Bernstein SocGen Group's Mark Moerdler published a new note on Microsoft stock Monday morning. He reiterated his outperform (i.e., buy) recommendation and $641 price target for the tech giant.
I'd agree with both of these new assessments. Regarding AI, I'd point out that rather than being left in the dust, sector incumbents like Microsoft are actually embracing the technology (for example, the company has poured billions of dollars intoOpenAI, the developer of ChatGPT).
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Meanwhile, I doubt any AI model, no matter how effective its coding skills, will supplant Microsoft's foundational software and its cloud offerings, to name but two aspects of its business. I remain very bullish on the company's future.




Before you buy stock inMicrosoft, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andMicrosoftwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

Eric Volkmanhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Goldman Sachs and Microsoft. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

