Title: Why Salesforce Stock Raced Nearly 5% Higher on Monday
Date: 2026-04-14 00:16
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/13/why-salesforce-stock-raced-nearly-5-higher-on-mond/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
One analyst thinks the shares could rise by more than 60%.
Salesforce(CRM+4.72%)is an extremely undervalued bargain stock these days, at least according to one analyst tracking the company's fortunes. On Monday, he reiterated his bullish stance on the company and his lofty price target; thanks in no small part to this, the customer relationship management (CRM) specialist's stock rose by almost 5% that trading session alone.
The prognosticator with the unshakably sunny view of Salesforce's future isTruistSecurities' Terry Tillman. He published an update on his research, reaffirming his buy recommendation and $280 per share price target. That level is a robust 62% higher than Salesforce's latest closing price.
Image source: Getty Images.
According to reports, Tillman waxed bullish about the company's prospects for the second half of its fiscal 2027. He believes its revenue should bounce higher on the back of increased customer adoption of its premium-tier products; this should juice not only the company's top line, but profitability as well.
He's also encouraged by what he considers Salesforce's recent innovations in the product line. He cited the inclusion of voice capabilities in its flagship agenticartificial intelligence (AI)platform Agentforce as one example of this.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Tillman's latest analysis coincided with a general rise in tech stocks of long standing on Monday. Many have seen their share prices wither this year, not least because of growing worries that AI will disrupt their businesses, given the increased ability of advanced models to write software code.
While there's some validity to this, I think Salesforce, in particular, has proven not only adept at embracing AI but also putting the technology front and center for its clientele (Agentforce is a handy example of this). While I'm not sure I'd count on that 60%-plus price pop Tillman anticipates, I'd still consider Salesforce to be undervalued, even after Monday's rally.




Before you buy stock inSalesforce, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andSalesforcewasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

Eric Volkmanhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Salesforce and Truist Financial. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

