Title: Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) is Gaining from Its Strong Innovative Medicine Growth
Date: 2026-04-13 13:46
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/johnson-johnson-jnj-gaining-strong-134651520.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Mar Vista Investment Partners, LLC, an investment management company, released its “Mar Vista U.S. Quality Strategy” first-quarter 2026 investor letter. A copy of the letter can bedownloaded here. U.S. equities entered 2026 with sustained momentum, despite market leadership evolving significantly over the first quarter. Initial support in equities was hampered by tariff uncertainty, doubts about AI-driven growth sustainability, and emerging private credit concerns, before geopolitical challenges. The quarter saw the lowest performance for U.S. equities in this volatile environment, influenced by rising oil prices due to the Middle East conflict, altering inflation and interest rate expectations. The Mar Vista U.S. Quality strategy returned -7.24% net-of-fees in the quarter vs Russell 1000® Index’s -4.18% and the S&P 500® Index’s -4.33% returns. The firm believes the market is transitioning towards high-quality businesses with strong competitive advantages. Please review the Strategy’s top five holdings to gain insights into their key selections for 2026.
In its first-quarter 2026 investor letter, Mar Vista U.S. Quality Strategy highlighted Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ). Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) is a leading global healthcare company that engages in the research and development, manufacture, and sale of a range of products in the healthcare field. On April 10, 2026, Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) closed at $238.46 per share. One-month return of Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) was -1.94%, and its shares gained 54.48% over the past 52 weeks. Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) has a market capitalization of $574.36 billion.
Mar Vista U.S. Quality Strategy stated the following regarding Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) in its Q1 2026 investor letter:
"Johnson & Johnson(NYSE:JNJ) appreciated 18.74% during the first quarter driven by strong Innovative Medicine growth, improved outlook for the medical device segment, and management’s comment that there is a “line of sight” to double-digit revenue growth by the end of the decade. JNJ’s Innovative Medicine segment continues to provide results that exceed expectations. Rapidly growing products in oncology and immunology, combined with a solid pipeline of new candidates, has changed investors’ narrative on JNJ’s pharma business from one of patent risk to pipeline durability. In MedTech, the company is reallocating capital from low-growth businesses, like Orthopaedics, and toward higher-growth segments, particularly cardiovascular and electrophysiology. Enthusiasm is also rising for JNJ’s imminent entry into the robotic surgery market. Despite the stock’s appreciation over the last year, JNJ remains one of the few large-cap healthcare stocks offering a combination of defensive characteristics, accelerating growth and consensus expectations that are still below management’s long-term guidance."
Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) is not on our list of40 Most Popular Stocks Among Hedge Funds Heading Into 2026. According to our database, 104 hedge fund portfolios held Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) at the end of the fourth quarter, up from 103 in the previous quarter. While we acknowledge the potential of Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock.
Inanother article, we covered Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) and shared the list of best low volatility blue chip stocks to buy. In addition, please check out ourhedge fund investor letters Q1 2026page for more investor letters from hedge funds and other leading investors.
READ NEXT:33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Yearsand15 Stocks That Will Make You Rich in 10 Years.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
