Title: Will AbbVie's Neuroscience Franchise Aid Top-line Growth in Q1?
Date: 2026-04-13 12:18
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/abbvies-neuroscience-franchise-aid-top-121800463.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
AbbVieABBV is set to report first-quarter 2026 results on April 29. While the company’s immunology portfolio will remain the primary focus, its neuroscience segment is expected to contribute meaningfully to overall revenue growth.
AbbVie’s neuroscience portfolio includes Botox Therapeutic, depression drug Vraylar, oral migraine treatments Qulipta and Ubrelvy, and the recently launched Parkinson’s disease (“PD”) therapy Vyalev. The segment has become an increasingly important growth driver, supported by continued demand across key brands and contributions from newer assets.
AbbVie expects neuroscience revenues of approximately $2.8 billion in the first quarter. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for the segment is pegged at $2.79 billion, indicating growth of around 22% year over year. Higher sales of Botox Therapeutic, Vraylar, Qulipta and Ubrelvy are likely to have supported performance during the quarter. Meanwhile, Vyalev is expected to contribute to growth, driven by ongoing uptake since its launch in the United States last year.
The neuroscience franchise is becoming an increasingly important growth driver for AbbVie. Strength in this segment is expected to help offset declining sales of older therapies, such as the PD drug Duodopa, and reduce the company’s reliance on its immunology portfolio.
Other large players in this segment areBiogenBIIB andJohnson & JohnsonJNJ.
Due to the steeply declining revenues of its multiple sclerosis franchise, Biogen is diversifying into novel neuroscience therapies. The company, along with partner Eisai, markets Leqembi, one of the two FDA-approved treatments for Alzheimer’s disease. Biogen markets Zurzuvae, the first and only FDA-approved oral treatment for postpartum depression.
J&J markets several leading neuroscience products. These include the blockbuster antidepressant nasal spray Spravato and the antipsychotic therapy Invega Sustenna. Both remain key growth drivers for its pharmaceutical unit. Last year, J&J expanded this portfolio through the acquisition of Intra-Cellular Therapies, adding the antidepressant drug Caplyta.
Shares of AbbVie have underperformed the industry year to date, as seen in the chart below.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
From a valuation standpoint, AbbVie is at a discount to the industry. Based on the price/earnings (P/E) ratio, the company’s shares currently trade at 14.15 times forward earnings, lower than its industry’s average of 17.18. The stock is trading above its five-year mean of 13.81.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
EPS estimates for 2026 and 2027 have declined in the past 30 days.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
AbbVie currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
Biogen Inc. (BIIB) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) : Free Stock Analysis Report
AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
