Title: Earnings live updates: Goldman Sachs results kick off earnings season as macro pressures mount
Date: 2026-04-13 10:44
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/article/earnings-live-updates-goldman-sachs-results-kick-off-earnings-season-as-macro-pressures-mount-104416093.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
The first quarter earnings season is kicking off at an uncertain time for markets.
Goldman Sachs (GS) marshalsa parade of bank and asset manager earningsthis week, including from JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Citigroup (C), Wells Fargo (WFC), BlackRock (BLK), Bank of America (BAC), and Morgan Stanley (MS).
Later in the week, Netflix (NFLX), Johnson & Johnson (JNJ), ASML Holdings (ASML), and PepsiCo (PEP) also feature on the corporate update schedule.
Despite risks surrounding the Iran war, artificial intelligence, and delayed Fed rate cuts, Wall Street analysts have remained optimistic about earnings growth, the stock market’s primary driver over the long term. According to FactSet’s John Butters, analysts expect the S&P 500 (^GSPC) to report its sixth consecutive quarter of double-digit earnings growth.
Follow along for the latest earnings updates.
Goldman Sachs’ (GS) profits climbed in the first quarter, fueled by jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading.
But the stock dropped 3% in premarket trading as intermediation revenue for fixed income, currencies, and commodities fell short of expectations.
This price reflects trading activity during the overnight session on the Blue Ocean ATS, available 8 PM to 4 AM ET, Sunday through Thursday, when regular markets are closed.
Yahoo Finance'sDavid Hollerithreports:
The Wall Street bank reported that net earnings rose 19% to $5.6 billion in the first three months of 2026. That came through as $17.55 per share, exceeding the $16.34 per share that analysts forecast.
Goldman said revenue in its markets division rose 8.6% to $9.3 billion, driven by record revenue in the bank’s equity trading business. Dealmaking fees jumped 48% to $1.5 billion over the same period, driven by its M&A advisory unit.
Not all was stellar in Goldman’s trading division. Within its fixed income, currencies, and commodities intermediation business, revenues fell 13% from the first quarter of 2025 to $4 billion. Analysts were expecting $855 million more.
The Wall Street bank kicked off the industry’s first quarter earnings season, where analysts expect the giants to report sturdy fundamentals following a reset in their stock prices from record highs hit at the beginning of January.
Read more here.
Shares of Fastenal Company (FAST) declined 4% in premarket trading as the maker of industrial fasteners, construction bolts, and custom parts reported growing margin pressure.
The company, which is viewed as a bellwether of the industrial economy, posted earnings that were in line with Wall Street’s expectations.
This price reflects trading activity during the overnight session on the Blue Ocean ATS, available 8 PM to 4 AM ET, Sunday through Thursday, when regular markets are closed.
Investing.com reports:
The industrial supplies distributor posted adjusted earnings per share of $0.30, matching the consensus estimate, on revenue of $2.2 billion, also in line with expectations. Revenue increased 12.4% compared to the first quarter of 2025, driven by share gains and broad-based demand across core end markets. Daily sales rose 12.4% YoY to $34.9 million.
Operating margin expanded 20 basis points to 20.3%, reflecting operating leverage and cost discipline, though this was partially offset by an ongoing shift in customer mix. Gross margin declined to 44.6% from 45.1% in the prior year period, pressured by unfavorable price/cost dynamics of approximately 50 basis points and headwinds from transportation costs and customer rebates.
"Sales performance reflects the contribution from improved customer contract signings since the first quarter of 2024, as well as a slight improvement in industrial production in the first quarter of 2026," the company stated.
Read more here.
Goldman Sachs (GS) is kicking off a week of earnings for Wall Street’s biggest banks on Monday, with reports from JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Citigroup (C), Wells Fargo (WFC), Bank of America (BAC), and Morgan Stanley (MS) following on Tuesday and Wednesday.
A growing list of concerns will put their ability to churn out profits to the test. My colleagueDavid Hollerithpreviews what to expect from their corporate updates this week:
Investors have humbled the stock prices of these major lenders over the past three months after bidding them to record highs late last year.
Worries ranging from a spillover of the private credit world’s shakeout to a raging US-Israeli war with Iran have loomed largest, spurring the Nasdaq KBW Bank Index (^BKX) to its worst first quarter performance since 2023’s mini banking crisis. That wider banking industry index is up 1% year to date.
This price reflects trading activity during the overnight session on the Blue Ocean ATS, available 8 PM to 4 AM ET, Sunday through Thursday, when regular markets are closed.
Analysts expect quarterly earnings to look solid. Collective profits for these six big lenders are forecast to climb 5% compared to a year ago, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. These giants are also expected to post year-over-year rises across overall dealmaking and trading fees.
“There is some renewed optimism here and I think there is the expectation that results are going to be pretty good, but it’s certainly not as bullish as it was in January,” said HSBC analyst Saul Martinez, who covers US banks. “And that’s a healthier setup.”
Perhaps, more important than actual results will be what the bosses of major lenders say during earnings calls about their dealmaking outlook, exposure to private debt, and the general health of the US economy amid historically high oil prices.
Read more here.
Wall Street analysts are coming into the first quarter earnings season with a dose of optimism.
According to FactSet’s John Butters, the S&P 500 (^GSPC) is expected to report double-digit earnings growth for the sixth quarter in a row. Analysts have upwardly revised their estimates, expecting year-over-year earnings growth of 13.2% for the index.
Still, the quarter broughta series of external eventsthat have altered the business environment and are likely to be discussed on earnings calls:
Higher-for-longer interest rate environment:With the Federal Reserve unlikely to cut rates anytime soon, investors will be watching for signs of cooling in the US economy and how the Fed’s policy stance will affect big banks’ net interest income outlooks.
AI validation:Spending on artificial intelligence has never been higher, and investors are increasingly seeking proof of AI’s benefits. The software industry, in particular, will be in focus after those stocks hit an air pocket in Q1 over concerns about AI disruption.
The Iran war and its impacts:A 55% increase in crude oil prices since the beginning of the war in the Middle East could begin hitting many companies’ margins, with downstream effects on transportation costs, packaging, food production, and more. In the energy sector, higher prices have led to higher earnings expectations, and analysts will be looking to see how oil companies are spending their oil-shock windfall.
K-shaped economy:An ongoing theme in markets has been the divergence between higher-income households and lower-income households. Consumer sentiment justfell to a record low, and while sentiment and consumer behavior aren’t always symmetrical, investors will want to know whether bellwether retail companies are seeing shoppers trade down or pull back on spending.
The big Wall Street banks report quarterly results this week, marking the unofficial start of the Q1 earnings season.
We’ll also be keeping a close eye on a report from streaming giant Netflix (NFLX) as well as results for pharmaceutical maker Johnson & Johnson (JNJ), chip equipment manufacturer ASML Holding N.V. (ASML), and PepsiCo (PEP) later in the week.
Here’s this week’s lineup at a glance:
Monday:Goldman Sachs (GS), Fastenal Company (FAST), FB Financial Corporation (FBK)
Tuesday:JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Johnson & Johnson, Citigroup (C), Wells Fargo (WFC), BlackRock (BLK), Bitmine Immersion Technologies (BMNR), Albertsons (ACI), CarMax (KMX), Rent the Runway (RENT)
Wednesday:ASML Holding N.V., Bank of America (BAC), Morgan Stanley (MS), The Progressive Corporation (PGR), PNC Financial Services (PNC), Kinder Morgan (KMI), M&T Bank (MTB), J.B. Hunt Transport Services (JBHT), First Horizon (FHN), Winmark (WINA)
Thursday:Netflix, PepsiCo, Abbott Laboratories (ABT), Charles Schwab (SCHW), Prologis (PLD), BNY Mellon (BK), U.S. Bancorp (USB), Marsh & McLennan (MRSH), The Travelers Companies (TRV), Infosys (INFY), Citizens Financial Group (CFG), KeyCorp (KEY), Alcoa (AA)
Friday:Truist Financial Corporation (TFC), Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB), State Street (STT), Ally Financial (ALLY)
Read more about the week ahead for stocks and economic data.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
