Title: Growth vs. Stability: Lilly and J&J's 2026 Investment Face-Off
Date: 2026-04-13 13:28
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/growth-vs-stability-lilly-j-132800512.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Eli LillyLLY andJohnson & JohnsonJNJ are leading U.S.-based healthcare players in the pharmaceutical and biotech space.
Both companies have a solid footprint across oncology, immunology and neuroscience. J&J’s portfolio is further diversified with therapies spanning cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, pulmonary hypertension and infectious diseases, alongside a strong medical devices business. In contrast, Lilly has established a dominant position in cardiometabolic care, driven by its GLP-1 franchise, with Mounjaro and Zepbound emerging as key growth drivers.
Both companies are delivering robust revenue and earnings growth and appear well-positioned for the future. However, which stock offers the more compelling investment opportunity today? A closer look at their fundamentals, growth outlook and key risks can help answer that question.
Lilly has seen tremendous success with Mounjaro and Zepbound, with demand rising rapidly. These therapies account for more than 50% of the company’s total revenues.
In 2025, the drugs generated combined sales of $36.5 billion, comprising around 56% of the company’s total revenues. Robust growth trends in the U.S. incretin analogs market and positive uptake trends of Mounjaro and Zepbound in new international markets led to strong sales growth in 2025, with the positive trend expected to continue in 2026.
In addition to Mounjaro and Zepbound, Lilly has secured approvals for several other new therapies over the past few years. These include Omvoh, Jaypirca, Ebglyss and Kisunla. These newly approved drugs are also contributing to Lilly’s revenue growth. Lilly expects its new drugs, Mounjaro, Zepbound, Ebglyss, Jaypirca, Inluriyo, Kisunla and Omvoh to drive sales growth in 2026.
Lilly is developing several next-generation, more powerful and more convenient GLP-1–based treatments, including oral options and multi-acting candidates.
Last week, it gained the much-anticipated FDA approval for its once-daily oral GLP-1 pill, Foundayo (orforglipron), for treating obesity and launched the pill via LillyDirect and telehealth providers and is shipping to retail pharmacies nationwide.
Oral pills will be a more convenient alternative to the once-weekly injectable obesity treatments like Zepbound and rivalNovo Nordisk’s NVO Wegovy. Novo Nordisk gained approval for an oral version of Wegovy in December 2025 and launched the pill in January 2026.  The Wegovy pill gave NVO a first-to-market advantage and will initially bring in additional revenues. However, we believe Lilly may be able to close the gap quickly now that the FDA has approved Foundayo.
Foundayo can prove to be a commercial game-changer for Lilly with the potential to bring in $1 billion-$2 billion in sales as early as 2026. In international markets, Lilly expects to launch orforglipron for obesity during 2027.
Lilly is also evaluating orforglipron in late-stage studies in other disease areas like obstructive sleep apnea, osteoarthritis pain of the knee, stress urinary incontinence and hypertension. These multiple late-stage studies on orforglipron can expand the candidate’s revenue potential beyond obesity/type II diabetes.
The company is evaluating another key candidate, triple-acting incretin, retatrutide in type II diabetes and obesity, along with other indications like obstructive sleep apnea, knee osteoarthritis, and chronic low back pain, in late-stage studies. Retatrutide represents a new generation of “triple-action” therapy as it targets three biological pathways — GLP-1, GIP and glucagon — whereas existing medicines mostly act on one or two biological pathways.
In the past couple of years, Lilly upped its efforts to diversify beyond GLP-1 drugs by expanding into cardiovascular, oncology and neuroscience areas. In 2025, it announced several M&A deals. In 2026, it has already announced three M&A deals, including the latest deal to acquire Centessa Pharmaceuticals.
Lilly has its share of problems. Prices of most of Lilly’s products are declining in the United States.  Price is expected to continue to be a drag on top-line growth in the low to mid-teens percentage in 2026. Rising competition in the GLP-1 diabetes/obesity market is a key headwind. Also, sales of late-life cycle products like Trulicity, Taltz and Verzenio are expected to be flat or down in 2026.
The Case for J&J
J&J’s biggest strength lies in its diversified business model, as it operates through pharmaceuticals and medical devices divisions. It has more than 275 subsidiaries and boasts 28 platforms or products with more than $1 billion in annual sales. Its diversification helps it withstand economic cycles more effectively. It also boasts strong cash flows and has consistently increased dividends for 63 consecutive years.
J&J’s Innovative Medicine unit is showing a growth trend. The segment’s sales rose 4.1% on an organic basis in 2025 despite the loss of exclusivity (LOE) of blockbuster drug Stelara and the negative impact of the Part D redesign. Growth was driven by J&J’s key drugs like Darzalex, Erleada and Tremfya. New drugs like Carvykti, Tecvayli, Talvey, Rybrevant and Spravato also contributed significantly to growth.
J&J’s MedTech business has improved in the past three quarters, driven by the acquired cardiovascular businesses, Abiomed and Shockwave, as well as Surgical Vision and wound closure in Surgery. Improvements in J&J’s electrophysiology business also drove growth. MedTech sales rose 4.3% on an organic basis in 2025.
The company rapidly advanced its pipeline in the past year, attaining significant clinical and regulatory milestones that will help drive growth through the back half of the decade.
In 2025, it gained approval for new products like Inlexzoh/TAR-200, a first-of-its-kind drug-releasing system, for treating high-risk non-muscle invasive bladder cancer and Imaavy (nipocalimab) for treating generalized myasthenia gravis. The positive trend of new drug approvals continued in 2026 with the FDA approving J&J and partnerProtagonist Therapeutics’ PTGX Icotyde (icotrokinra) for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
In 2025, J&J invested more than $32 billion in R&D and M&A, including the acquisitions of Intra-Cellular Therapies and Halda Therapeutics. Backed by regular pipeline success, J&J expects a more pronounced impact from new products in 2026 than in 2025.
J&J believes 10 of its new products/pipeline candidates in the Innovative Medicine segment have the potential to deliver peak sales of $5 billion, including Talvey, Tecvayli, Imaavy, Caplyta, Inlexzo, Rybrevant, plus Lazcluze and Icotyde.
However, J&J faces its share of headwinds like the legal battle surrounding its talc lawsuits, the Stelara patent cliff, the upcoming LOE of key drugs Opsumit and Simponi, and softness in MedTech China.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for LLY’s 2026 sales and EPS implies a year-over-year increase of 25.7% and 40.9%, respectively. EPS estimates for 2026 and 2027 have risen over the past 60 days.
LLY Estimate Movement
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for J&J’s 2026 sales and EPS implies a year-over-year increase of 6.5% and 7.1%, respectively. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2026 earnings has risen from $11.54 to $11.56 over the past 60 days, while that for 2027 earnings has gone up from $12.40 per share to $12.48 over the same time frame.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
In the past year, LLY’s stock has surged 24.5% and J&J’s stock has risen 54.4%. The industry has jumped 21.7% in the said time frame.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
J&J looks more attractive than Lilly from a valuation standpoint. Going by the price/earnings ratio, Lilly’s shares currently trade at 25.57 forward earnings, significantly higher than 17.21 for the industry. However, LLY’s stock is trading below its 5-year mean of 34.57. J&J’s shares currently trade at 20.18 forward earnings, higher than the industry as well as the stock’s 5-year mean of 15.65.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
J&J’s dividend yield is 2.2%, while Lilly’s is around 0.7%.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
J&J outperformed financial expectations in 2025 and looks optimistic for continued strong momentum in 2026, with a target to generate around $100 billion in revenues in the year. J&J expects sales growth in both segments to be higher in 2026.
Despite headwinds like the legal battle surrounding its talc lawsuits, the Stelara patent cliff, the upcoming LOE of key drugs Opsumit and Simponi and softness in MedTech China, J&J looks quite confident that it will be able to navigate these challenges.
On the other hand, exceptional growth from Mounjaro and Zepbound has made Lilly the largest drugmaker. It delivered robust financial performance in 2025 with revenues surging 45% and EPS growing 86%. Expectations for continued growth in 2026 remain high with projected revenues of $80-$83 billion and EPS of $33.50-$35.00.
Lilly is a great stock to have in one’s portfolio, considering its product and pipeline portfolio in high-growth therapeutic areas like obesity, robust growth prospects and bullish analyst sentiment.
Choosing between Eli Lilly and J&J is probably the most difficult choice to make among large drug stocks. Both have seen steady growth in sales and earnings, rising stock prices and analyst estimates and have an optimistic outlook for 2026. Additionally, continued pipeline advancements, favorable regulatory developments, and strategic M&A activity have strengthened investor sentiment for both stocks.
Both stocks have a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). However, we are selecting J&J over Lilly only due to its better stock price performance and valuation. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Protagonist Therapeutics, Inc. (PTGX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
