Title: The $100 Billion Pivot: Why Johnson & Johnson Is My Top Dividend King to Buy in 2026
Date: 2026-04-11 15:50
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/11/the-100-billion-pivot-why-johnson-johnson-is-my-to/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
This stock might help you sleep more easily at night.
Investors are increasingly worried about a coming recession or a market downturn, or both. The fears are understandable given recent geopolitical and macroeconomic developments, as well as the fact that theNasdaq Compositerecently dipped below correction territory. In this environment, it helps to invest in steady dividend payers, as they often have strong businesses that can withstand severe economic challenges. It might be particularly useful to turn toDividend Kings, a group of companies that have raised their payouts for at least 50 years straight. Let's look into a Dividend King that is among my favorites to buy right now:Johnson & Johnson(JNJ0.21%). Here's more on this healthcare leader.
Image source: Getty Images.
Johnson & Johnson has encountered its share of troubles in recent years. Let's briefly go through the list and name some of them. The company is still dealing with thousands of lawsuits from plaintiffs who allege that its talc-based products gave them cancer. And worse, the claims are that thehealthcare giantknew of the risks and did nothing to remedy the situation.Johnson & Johnson has also faced patent cliffs. Just last year, it lost patent exclusivity for Stelara, an immunosuppressant, in the U.S, after the therapy had suffered the same fate in Europe in 2024.
Stelara hit peak sales of $10.9 billion in 2023, which accounted for almost 13% of the company's top-line that year -- that's a meaningful amount.The loss of patent exclusivity for a growth driver of this caliber can be a serious challenge for any drugmaker. Then there is the fact that Johnson & Johnson is facing government-imposed drug price negotiations in the U.S. Several of its therapies have been targeted.Johnson & Johnson will generate lower sales from those products as a result.
Even with these headwinds, Johnson & Johnson is performing well. Last year, the company's net sales grew 6% year over year to $94.2 billion, while its adjusted earnings per share rose 8.1% to $10.79. Johnson & Johnson is projecting that its revenue will climb to about $100.5 billion at the midpoint in 2026, which would represent a year over year increase of 6.7%.Notably, this will mark only the second time a biopharma company has achieved $100 billion in annual revenue.That would be impressive even if Johnson & Johnson weren't dealing with all those challenges.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Even if there is a recession on the way, Johnson & Johnson's business should be fine. Here are three reasons why. First, demand for healthcare products, especially lifesaving medicines (as opposed to, say, aesthetic procedures), doesn't stop or even slow down significantly during economic downturns. Second, Johnson & Johnson's business is one of the most diversified that investors can find in the sector. The company'spharmaceuticalunit spans many therapeutic areas, including immunology, oncology, infectious diseases, and neuroscience.
It's partly thanks to the company's deep lineup that it can get around major patent cliffs relatively fine. And Johnson & Johnson also boasts a strong medtech business, marketing products across multiple niches. Third, Johnson & Johnson has a robust financial position. One of the best pieces of evidence for this is the company's AAA rating -- the highest available -- from S&P Global.Johnson & Johnson is highly unlikely to fail to meet its obligations.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Even losing some of its patent lawsuits would not be a death blow for the healthcare leader. That's why several judges have rejected its attempts to pin these lawsuits on a subsidiary for which it would then file for bankruptcy.So, Johnson & Johnson is a great stock to buy in these troubled, volatile times. The stock may help anchor your portfolio while providing regular payouts -- Johnson & Johnson has increased its dividends for 63 consecutive years. And over the long run, Johnson & Johnson could deliver excellent returns, especially for investors who reinvest dividends.




Before you buy stock inJohnson & Johnson, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andJohnson & Johnsonwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

Prosper Junior Bakinyhas positions in Johnson & Johnson. The Motley Fool recommends Johnson & Johnson. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

