Title: Is EQNR Positioned to Gain From the Ongoing Strength in Crude Prices?
Date: 2026-04-13 14:39
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/eqnr-positioned-gain-ongoing-strength-143900469.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Equinor ASAEQNR is a Norway-based integrated energy giant boasting a resilient business, spanning oil and gas exploration and production, midstream marketing and processing for crude oil, gas and refined products. With operations spread across Europe, the Americas, Africa and Asia-Pacific, the company has built a strong global presence. Despite this geographic diversification, the Norwegian Continental Shelf (NCS) remains the backbone of its revenue generation.
As EQNR generates a significant portion of its income from upstream operations, its business model is sensitive to fluctuations in crude oil prices. The current elevated crude prices, with West Texas Intermediate (WTI) trading above $100 per barrel compared with $61.05 per barrel a year earlier, per data from oilprice.com, create a highly favorable business environment for the company. Leveraging high-quality assets and newly online projects such as Verdande, along with this elevated price environment, Equinor is well-positioned to increase production.
This will likely enable the company to achieve its targeted 3% oil and gas production growth in 2026, as mentioned on its latest earnings call. The production growth facilitates increased revenues, which Equinor can reinvest into further exploration and the maintenance of essential mature fields on the NCS. At the same time, increased production enhances Equinor’s ability to remain a reliable energy supplier to Europe. The combination of strong upstream performance and a supportive price environment reinforces Equinor’s business stability and strengthens its appeal to investors.
Chevron CorporationCVX andExxon Mobil CorporationXOM, like Equinor, have substantial involvement in upstream operations, exposing their business models to crude price volatility. Both companies possess high-quality, geographically diversified asset portfolios, with Chevron maintaining a strong position in the Permian Basin and ExxonMobil holding advantaged assets in the Permian Basin as well as offshore Guyana. Supported by these premium assets, both Chevron and ExxonMobil are well-positioned to capitalize on the elevated crude prices.
EQNR shares have gained 66.2% over the past year compared with 70.6% growth of the industry.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
From a valuation standpoint, EQNR trades at a trailing 12-month enterprise-value-to-EBITDA (EV/EBITDA) of 3.04X. This is below the broader industry average of 6.1X.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for EQNR's first-quarter 2026 earnings has remained unchanged over the past seven days. Meanwhile, estimates for the second quarter of 2026 and full-year 2026 earnings have seen upward revisions.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
EQNR currently sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy). You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
Chevron Corporation (CVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Equinor ASA (EQNR) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
