Title: Here’s a List of Gulf Energy Infrastructure Damaged in Iran War
Date: 2026-04-11 11:06
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/list-gulf-energy-infrastructure-damaged-110602813.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
(Bloomberg) -- Dozens of refineries, oil fields, gas plants, ports and other energy infrastructure have been damaged by missile and drone strikes, six weeks since the war began.
Senior US and Iranian officials are meeting in Islamabad to try to find a resolution to the conflict that has choked off a swath of oil and gas supply to global markets and left the Strait of Hormuz effectively shut. The more damage that occurs, the more difficult it will be for energy markets to return to normal.
A ceasefire was announced on April 7 US time — or early April 8 in the Middle East. On April 9, Saudi Arabia’s state-run news agency reported extensive “recent attacks” but didn’t specify timelines. At least some of the incidents appeared to predate the ceasefire. Iran has said that Israeli attacks on Lebanon breached the terms of the accord.
Here is a list of some of the Middle East’s most important energy facilities that have been hit or disrupted during the conflict. Some sites have restarted after being temporarily shut, but the operational status of others remains unclear.
This story updates to reflect an April 9 statement from the Saudi Press Agency, adding assets not previous listed. Specifically: Satorp and Riyadh oil refineries, Ju’aymah gas-processing, the Manifa and Khurais oil-production facilities, and the East-West pipeline.
Oil Refineries:
Ruwais, UAE: One of the biggest refineries in the world suffered multiple fires caused by falling debris from air-defense interception, Abu Dhabi’s government said April 5.
Ras Tanura, Saudi Arabia: Saudi Aramco temporarily halted operations at the kingdom’s largest crude processing plant — with 550,000 barrels a day of capacity — after a drone attack in the first few days of the war. The facility has since been restarted.
Samref, Saudi Arabia: A drone fell on the refinery that’s half owned by Exxon Mobil Corp. on March 19.
Satorp, Saudi Arabia: Units halted at the 460,000 barrels a day refinery that’s 62.5% owned by Aramco and 37.5% by TotalEnergies after incidents on April 7-8
Riyadh, Saudi Arabia: SPA on April 9 said that the 120,000 barrels a day plant was one of several that has been attacked “directly affecting exports of refined products to global markets.”
Bapco Energies, Bahrain: The 400,000 barrel-a-day plant was damaged in an attack last month and declared force majeure on operations that had been impacted.
Gulf Petrochemical Industries Co., Bahrain: Some operational units caught fire after drone attacks April 5.
Kuwait National Petroleum Co. and Petrochemical Industries Co. facilities suffered significant damage as emergency and fire response teams worked to contain conflagrations at several sites, KPC said April 5. Those attacks followed hits on KPC’s headquarters.
Mina Al-Ahmadi, Kuwait: A drone attack caused fire in a number of operational units on April 3. The refinery had also been hit on two consecutive days last month, which had shut some units.
Mina Abdullah, Kuwait: A fire at the plant was extinguished following a March 19 attack.
Lanaz, Iraq: Operations were suspended at the plant in the northern city of Erbil last month after a fire caused by a drone strike, Reuters reported, citing unidentified provincial officials.
Gas Facilities
Ras Laffan, Qatar: QatarEnergy said LNG facilities were hit by Iranian missiles, triggering fires that caused extensive damage, including to Shell Plc’s gas-to-liquids plant. QatarEnergy has declared force majeure on some long-term supply contracts.
Habshan, UAE: Abu Dhabi suspended operations at the country’s largest natural gas processing facility earlier this month following an attack that sparked a fire.
South Pars, Iran: Israel attacked facilities at Iran’s giant gas field March 18, with fires causing some units to be taken out of production, according to the semi-official Tasnim news agency.
Isfahan, Iran: A gas pressure-regulation station and an associated administrative building were targeted in central Isfahan province in US–Israeli attacks, the semi-official Fars news agency reported.
Shah, UAE: Operations were suspended after an Iranian drone attack on March 16 caused a fire at the massive natural gas field.
Das Island LNG, UAE: Abu Dhabi plant in the Persian Gulf was operating at low levels due to inability to export via the Strait of Hormuz.
Ju’aymah, LPG, Saudi Arabia: Affected by fires, impacting exports of liquefied petroleum gas and natural gas liquids, Saudi Press Agency reported April 9.
Oil Production/Flows
East-West pipeline, Saudi Arabia. Drone attack this week targeting pumping station on the conduit that links oil facilities on the Persian Gulf Coast to Yanbu on the Red Sea cut flows by 700k b/d
Majnoon, Iraq: The oil field in the south of the country was targeted by an attack, according to a statement from Iraq’s Oil Ministry, which didn’t provide any additional details.
Shaybah, Saudi Arabia: The 1 million barrel-a-day field in the kingdom’s east has been repeatedly targeted by multiple drones. No damage has been reported.
Manifa production facility, Saudi Arabia: SPA said April 9 that the targeting of the facility resulted in a reduction of about 300,000 barrels a day of its production capacity.
Khurais, production facility, Saudi Arabia: Targeting of Khurais led to a reduction of 300,000 barrels a day of its production capacity.
Nuclear Plants
Bushehr, Iran: A projectile struck the grounds of the Bushehr nuclear power plant March 27, Iran’s Fars news agency reported, adding preliminary assessments indicated no damage to any section of the facility. The plant had also come under attack previously.
Aluminum Plants
Al Taweelah, UAE: Emirates Global Aluminium said March 28 that it sustained “significant damage” at its site at the Khalifa Port industrial zone in Abu Dhabi following Iranian attacks.
Alba, Bahrain: Aluminium Bahrain said it was assessing the extent of damage to its facility after an Iranian attack.
Mobarakeh, Iran: Mobarakeh Steel Co. completely halted production after attacks caused damage and destroyed key units, Iran’s state-run Nour News reported April 2, citing a company statement.
Ports
Yanbu, Saudi Arabia: Loadings at the key Red Sea port resumed March 19 after a brief halt, following an Iranian attack. The facility has become crucial as the kingdom races to boost exports following the near standstill in the Strait of Hormuz.
Fujairah, UAE: The critical Emirati port outside Hormuz has been periodically shut by drone strikes, impacting flows of both crude and fuels.
Jebel Ali, UAE: DP World has previously suspended operations at the key container port in Dubai as a precautionary measure.
Khor Fakkan, UAE: Debris caused by air defense interception fell on the port on April 5, causing a fire that authorities brought under control.
Sohar, Oman: the port has resumed operations after being shut after the area was hit by drones.
Mina Al Fahal, Oman: Crude export terminal resumed operations on March 12 after being closed as a precautionary measure.
Salalah, Oman: The port suspended operations after an attack March 28, according to Inchcape Shipping Services. Oman said it was investigating the source and motive of the strike as no one claimed the attack. The facility has also previously been hit.
Khalifa Bin Salman, Bahrain: Maersk’s APM Terminals unit said March 12 it suspended operations at the port.
Shahid Haghani, Iran: US-Israeli strikes targeted the port in the southern city of Bandar Abbas, near the Strait of Hormuz, the semi-official Tasnim news agency reported on April 1.
--With assistance from Prejula Prem, Ruth Liao, Nayla Razzouk, Anthony Di Paola, Salma El Wardany, Fiona MacDonald, Alex Longley, Olga Tanas, Priscila Azevedo Rocha, Elena Mazneva and David Wethe.
(Updates with Saudi)
More stories like this are available onbloomberg.com
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
