Title: Conagra Brands finds new CEO, McDonald's to add energy drinks to menus
Date: 2026-04-13 15:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/conagra-brands-finds-new-ceo-mcdonalds-to-add-energy-drinks-to-menus-150000789.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Market Catalysts Host Julie Hyman and Yahoo Finance Senior Reporter Brooke DiPalma track several of the day's top trending stock tickers, including Conagra Brands (CAG) hiring former J.M. Smucker (SJM) COO John Brase to be the company's new CEO, McDonald's (MCD) adding new energy drink items to the menu, and Somnigroup International (SGI) acquiring Leggett & Platt (LEG) in a $2.5 billion deal.
Let's check out some of today's trending tickers. We are watching Conagra, McDonald's and Leggett & Platt and Somna Group.
Berta Coma is with me now. Let's start with uh Conagra here. The company is naming a new CEO. Um this is a food giant by the way. They make slim Jim, they make Birds Eye frozen foods. Uh Sean Connelly's going to step down as CEO, John Bray is going to take over June 1st. The stock has not done well uh recently,
Yeah.
but it's down on this announcement.
And it's down on this announcement today. And we heard from JP Morgan analyst Thomas Palmer. What he essentially was saying here was like, okay, we have a new CEO stepping in which is somewhat unexpected. Sean Connelly, you know, has been in the role for more than a decade now. and so someone came as a surprise. But on top of that, too, you know, the new CEO, John Bray is not stepping into anything easy. Thomas Palmer pointing out significant challenges that the new CEO will be up against including inflation, especially when it comes to freight and packaging. That's a major concern right now. Also earnings pressure continues to mount for the company. We know that the recent earnings came in at $1.70. Investors were only looking for $1.69. And so it's not like this CEO is stepping in and really, you know, already going to hit on a the right foot and really get going. There's significant problems that are still up against the company.
Gotcha. Okay, that makes sense. All right, next up is a name you're very familiar with and that is McDonald's.
Um according to the Wall Street Journal, it is going to be rolling out some new drinks. Red Bull Dragon Berry Energizer, Dirty Dr. Pepper, mango pineapple refresher. Um today I learned what it means when you put dirty in front of something which I
Make it energized.
To me, it's in the context of Martini, Martinis, adding olive juice, but you know, okay, so, um so it's all I mean basically this feels like they're following Starbucks, Dutch Bros, some of the other drink centered chains that have really leaned into this area.
Even maybe even taking a playbook out of up and comers like a name called Swig. There's actually um uh it's a more of a startup. There's one based in New York City. More of like a middle West Coast kind of vibe, now expanding into the rest of the country. But I mean we kind of expected this after that cosmic launch that ended up getting the Kaibosh by McDonald's. They took a lot of those learnings from 2025, from end of 2024 and really are taking that now into their beverage platform. But one of the biggest questions I have is similar to what Starbucks says says maybe even a touch Bros, is that now this is just adding more complexity. So I'm curious, you know, will this be in the sort of beverage concept already, maybe in those already to go server areas as well.
Well, the story says some of these franchisees are are investing big money in the machines that make these things. So it's not like it's that, I mean, easy in the sense maybe that you push a button, but if you're making an upfront investment,
It's very complex.
But it does seem like this is a high margin business, the beverage business in general. So you think that if someone adds this to their already existing, they're coming in maybe for that value meal that's doing well for McDonald's, then they add this more premium beverage, then that ends up doing well for this franchise owner. And so so many franchise operators that I have spoken to, they are pretty excited about this beverage platform.
I am curious at a time if people are trying to save money. Now and the journal also says that McDonald's is going to try and undercut its competitors on price.
Yeah, it's going to be a lower price.
But is it going to be cheaper than soda?
Probably not.
Probably not. So the question is will people be willing to pay a little bit more? I mean, I have health questions about all this stuff, but that's
I mean, how much sugar? But it's a high margin business and people may be willing to add that little luxury in the afternoon. That's what they're really the niche that they're looking to hit.
Yeah, we're all addicted to a lot of caffeine and sugar.
Exactly.
Anyway, let's talk about um what you're going to need, what maybe you won't need it because you've been drinking so many energy drinks. Um a new mattress deal. That's what we're talking about.
Somna Group is buying Leggett & Platt. Um it's been looking at Leggett & Platt for a while here. Um Somna Group is Tempur Sealy and Mattress Firm. So that's the parent company. Now going in and buying Leggett and Platt which makes the components that go into mattresses.
More of the technology behind it. But what's interesting is as you were saying, this was a deal that they already offered for 1.5 billion back in December. Now this deal that we're getting today or I believe 1.5, 1.6, the deal we're getting today is 2.5. So the company has significantly upped its investment in order to get this company. Obviously it worked. This company Leggett and Platt also up about 65% over the past year.
And I think this is a pretty niche business when you think about the technology, the automation that goes within Temper Sealy, Dreams, Mattress firm. So it seems like this is sort of a long-term play as maybe people want to automate their beds. I don't know.
Well, or just in, I mean, you know, maybe they want to automate their, I mean, there's always a business for mattresses.
100%.
And I thought it was interesting that the CEO of Somna Group told the Wall Street Journal that um the bedding market are at is at its cyclical floor. So in other words, they feel like even if they're paying more than they were planning to in December, they feel like they're coming in at a low in that business.
As of right now, also, Leggett & Platt makes sort of the adjustable chairs that we have in our vehicles, which I thought was really interesting as well. So perhaps a different play into furniture that I don't really think of too often.
That you don't think of as furniture at all.
Yeah, exactly. So it'll be interesting to see
And you spend a lot of time sitting in those seats, so you want to be comfortable.
Exactly.
Absolutely. Berta, thanks a lot. Appreciate it.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
