Title: Chinese investment in Brazil pivots from power dams to ice cream, courting consumers
Date: 2026-04-11 10:10
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/policy/articles/chinese-investment-brazil-pivots-power-101014359.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
By Luciana Magalhaes
SAO PAULO, April 11 (Reuters) - For Chinese ice cream and beverage chain Mixue, which already has more stores than Starbucks or McDonald's, a cheerful snowman mascot on Sao Paulo's most famous avenue signals a new phase of its global expansion.
Mixue's first Brazilian location, ‌opening on Saturday, marks the brand's arrival in South America amid a fresh tide of Chinese investment, building on economic ties that have already ‌displaced the U.S. as the continent's top trading partner.
Why is Chinese investment in Brazil doubling?
What sectors are attracting Chinese investment in Brazil?
What are Mixue's expansion plans for Brazil?
How are Chinese companies adapting to Brazilian consumers?
But unlike prior waves of capital spending that Beijing steered to Brazil, concentrated on a handful of huge hydropower dams and oil projects, an array of ​Chinese businesses are now courting the country's more than 200 million consumers.
The focus on expanding foreign markets for Chinese goods comes as Beijing confronts rising trade barriers in the United States, long the main consumer of its world-topping exports.
Chinese direct investment doubled to $4.2 billion in 2024 across 39 projects in Brazil, making it the world's third-largest recipient of Chinese investment https://www.reuters.com/business/autos-transportation/chinese-investment-doubles-brazil-jumping-no-3-destination-2025-09-04/, according to the latest available data from the Brazil-China Business Council.
Adding to the surge, Mixue plans to invest around 3 billion reais ($590 million) to start ‌selling lemonade, jasmine tea and ice cream treats in South ⁠America's largest economy under the banner of a cartoon snowman at odds with the tropical climate.
Mixue aims to open between 500 and 1,000 stores in the country by 2030, including franchisees, Mixue Brazil CEO Tian Zezhong said.
The fast-food chain joins Chinese firms ⁠ranging from delivery apps, electric vehicle makers and consumer electronics firms betting on Brazilian consumers who have warmed to Chinese brands considered competitive on both price and quality.
"Once you start buying Chinese products, it's very hard to switch back to others because of the value for money, the quality, and how they stand out in terms of design and delivery," ​said ​30-year-old Bianca Gunes, strolling past Mixue's new Brazilian store at the Shopping Cidade Sao Paulo.
HIGH-TECH TASTES
Chinese ​electronics maker Huawei commands a prime location at the entrance ‌of the same mall. After nearly three decades in the country, Huawei opened its first store in Sao Paulo last year, recognizing Brazilians' demand for hands-on shopping experiences, said the company's consumer business PR manager in Brazil, Diego Marcel.
"The Brazilian consumers really like technology. They like it, but they are also very demanding," said Ricardo Bastos, head of institutional affairs at Chinese automaker GWM, which opened its first South American plant in Sao Paulo state last year.
Both GWM and Chinese peer BYD bought Brazilian factories from Western rivals in recent years and are retooling them for electric and hybrid vehicle production.
GWM's plant at a former Mercedes-Benz facility is set to ‌receive 10 billion reais in investment over a decade.
Executives say Brazil-China ties are benefitting from both ​a push and a pull. Geopolitical tensions have steered Chinese investment away from the United States, ​while Brazil's President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva hails relations with China ​at an all time high https://www.reuters.com/world/xi-lula-step-up-meetings-firming-china-brazil-ties-with-eyes-trump-2025-04-11/.
"President (Lula) convinced our CEO that Brazil would be open to our investment," BYD's senior vice president ‌Alexandre Baldy told Reuters in a February interview https://www.reuters.com/sustainability/sustainable-finance-reporting/byd-shifts-local-parts-brazil-factory-bid-market-leadership-2026-02-05/. "From there, of ​course, the company, being a private, publicly-traded ​firm, took off through its own execution capabilities."
Brazil's government is also looking to import advances in healthcare, where China has showcased new applications forartificial intelligence. Health Minister Alexandre Padilha told Reuters he went to Shanghai, Shenzhen and Chengdu last month in search of possible partnerships, investments and tech transfers.
While ​Brazilians have gotten used to low prices and long ‌delivery times for Chinese e-commerce sites like AliExpress and clothing retailer Shein https://www.reuters.com/business/retail-consumer/shein-tried-turn-brazil-into-production-hub-local-factories-walked-away-2026-02-04/, new entrant Meituan is betting it can shake up Brazil's crowded ​meal delivery market.
The company aims to invest $1 billion by 2030 to challenge a field including Amazon partner Rappi and iFood, owned by ​Dutch firm Prosus.
($1 = 5.098 reais)
(Reporting by Luciana MagalhaesEditing by Brad Haynes and Alistair Bell)
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
