Title: Frontier Medicines Appoints Veteran Drug Development Leader David R. Epstein to Board of Directors
Date: 2026-04-13 11:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/frontier-medicines-appoints-veteran-drug-113000020.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Mr. Epstein brings more than 30 years of global drug development and commercialization experience to support Frontier’s next phase of growth as it continues to advance its pipeline of covalent precision medicines
BOSTON & SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., April 13, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Frontier Medicines Corporation, a clinical-stage precision medicines company unlocking the proteome to develop small molecule oncology and immunology drugs against previously undruggable disease-causing targets, today announced the appointment of David R. Epstein to its board of directors. Mr. Epstein currently serves as chairman and chief executive officer of Ottimo Pharma and was most recently chief executive officer of Seagen, where he led the company through a period of significant growth and innovation, culminating in its acquisition by Pfizer in 2023.
"David is a transformative leader with an exceptional track record of building and scaling innovative biopharmaceutical organizations," said Chris Varma, Ph.D., co-founder, chairman, and chief executive officer of Frontier Medicines. "His deep expertise across oncology, global drug development and commercialization will be invaluable as we advance our pipeline, continue to expand the reach of the Frontier Platform and work to develop breakthrough medicines for patients."
Mr. Epstein is a highly accomplished biopharmaceutical executive with more than three decades of experience spanning drug discovery, development, commercialization and strategic transactions. During his career, Mr. Epstein has played a central role in the development and commercialization of more than 30 new molecular entities and over 100 approved indications, including breakthrough medicines such as Gleevec, Tasigna, Gilenya, Afinitor, Cosentyx, Padcev and Entresto. He previously served as chief executive officer of Novartis Pharmaceuticals, a division of Novartis AG. Prior to this, David started and led Novartis’ Oncology and Molecular Diagnostic units, and under his leadership, the company’s oncology business grew to the second largest in the world. He currently serves on the boards of several biotechnology companies, including Valo Health, Agomab and Tempus AI, and brings extensive experience supporting both established and emerging companies.
"Frontier Medicines is working to redefine what’s possible in drug discovery with a pipeline of potentially best-in-class programs, including FMC-242, an allosteric breaker of the PI3Kα-RAS interaction, and FMC-376, a KRAS G12C ON and OFF inhibitor with promising clinical data," said Mr. Epstein. "Supported by a platform that integrates covalent chemistry and AI to expand the reach of precision medicine, Frontier is well positioned to make a meaningful impact for patients. I look forward to advancing this work alongside the company’s experienced leadership team."
About the Frontier™ Platform
The Frontier™ Platform integrates chemoproteomics, artificial intelligence, and direct-to-biology approaches to accelerate the discovery and development of precision covalent medicines. The platform maps covalent binding sites across the proteome, identifies actionable ligands, and enables rapid optimization of compounds into clinical candidates. Years of systematic data generation have produced CoGT™ (the Covalent Ground Truth), which powers Frontier’s CovalentAI™ engine, a component of the Frontier™ Platform and an AI engine that characterizes and scores binding sites for covalent drug discovery, optimizes compounds, and guides the design of Frontier’s proprietary covalent fragment library. Profiling this library against the human proteome has yielded Frontier’s Druggability Atlas™, covering more than 90% of the human proteome.
About Frontier Medicines
Frontier Medicines is a clinical-stage precision medicines company pioneering groundbreaking medicines to transform treatment for genetically defined patient populations, starting with oncology and immunology. Our proprietary chemoproteomics-powered drug discovery engine, the Frontier™ Platform, leverages covalent chemistry and artificial intelligence to unlock difficult-to-drug, disease-causing proteins for drug development. Today, we are advancing a diversified pipeline of wholly owned precision medicines against the most critical drivers of cancer and high-value immunology programs. For more information, please visitwww.frontiermeds.com. Follow Frontier onLinkedIn.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260410352299/en/
Contacts
Media ContactsFrontier Medicines:Ashlea Kosikowski (1AB)(704) 488-7369pr@frontiermeds.com
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
