Title: 3 Dividend Stocks Warren Buffett Would Buy in a Market Crash
Date: 2026-04-12 16:25
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/12/3-dividend-stocks-warren-buffett-would-buy-in-a-ma/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
There's never a bad time to step into a quality dividend name, but there are certainly better times than others.
It's not a prediction that a sizable setback is in the cards. There's also no guarantee that stocks won't rekindle their recent weakness and take a tumble soon.
Regardless of whatever's in store, veteran investors know that any short-term dip is a long-term buying opportunity. Smart investors probably already have some of their favorite names lined up, in fact, ready to step into after any decent-sized pullback.
With that as the backdrop, here's a closer look at three dividend stocks that legendary investorWarren Buffettwould arguably buy if and when the market crashes in the foreseeable future.
Coca-Cola(KO1.37%)isn't just a dividend-paying name Buffett might like. He bought and held it inBerkshire Hathaway's stock portfolio for a long, long time. Indeed, it's the conglomerate's third-biggest position right now, worth a little more than $30 billion.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
This enduring bullishness is certainly understandable. Coca-Cola has now raised its annual dividend payment for 64 consecutive years. Newcomers will be stepping in while the stock's forward-looking yield stands at a solid 2.7%.
Speaking of stocks that Berkshire already owns, were he still its chief executive as well as its chief stock picker, Buffett would likely add to the conglomerate's existing stake inoilgiantChevron(CVX+1.71%)while its forward-looking dividend yield is 3.7%. Hewasregularly adding to this position, in fact, before stepping down as Berkshire Hathaway's CEO at the end of last year.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is968%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
Image source: Getty Images.
Given the rhetoric regarding the planet's transition from fossil fuels torenewables, this seems like a pick with limited upside as well as a limited lifespan. The fact is, however, the world won't be weening itself from oil anytime soon. The International Energy Agency still believes daily consumption of crude will actually continue growing all the way through 2050. This of course bodes well for drillers and refiners like Chevron.
Last but not least, addMcDonald's(MCD0.40%)to your list of dividend stocks that would be smart buys in the event of a marketwide pullback.
Neither Buffett nor Berkshire Hathaway currently own it, but it checks off a lot of Buffett's selection criteria, so it would certainly be at home among Berkshire's holdings. These criteria include a clear competitive advantage (like the brand name), reliable cash flow, and management that's committed to shareholder returns. McDonald's brings all three to the table and more, including a forward-looking dividend yield of 2.4%.
You know it as a hamburger chain, and ostensibly, its fortunesaretethered todemand for its famous fast food.
That's notquitewhat this company is, though. McDonald's is first and foremost a rental real estate company, charging ever-rising, market-rate rents for the right to use its real estate. It just so happens that its tenants are franchisees, who collectively operate 95% of the company's restaurants and generate most of its highest-margin revenue.
The model clearly works. This reliable rental income regardless of the ebb and flow in demand forfast foodis the big reason this company's been able to raise its per-share dividend payment in each of the past 49 years.




Before you buy stock inCoca-Cola, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andCoca-Colawasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

James Brumleyhas positions in Coca-Cola. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Berkshire Hathaway and Chevron. The Motley Fool recommends the following options: long January 2028 $320 calls on McDonald's and short January 2028 $340 calls on McDonald's. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

