Title: Goldman Sachs' Q1 Surge & AI Expansion: A Compelling Case for Investors
Date: 2026-04-13 21:23
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/goldman-sachs-q1-surge-ai-212300617.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Goldman Sachs GS) kicked off the Q1 earnings season with a bang on Monday, with results from Citigroup C), JPMorgan JPM), Wells Fargo WFC), and BlackRock BLK) set to roll in tomorrow.
Setting the bar high, Goldman had one of the strongest quarters in its storied history while embarking on one of the most significant AI deployments in the banking sector.
This makes it a compelling case to consider buying Goldman’s stock on the dip, with GS up a resounding 75% over the last year, but trading 10% from its 52-week and all-time high of $984 a share, which it hit in January.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research

Posting Q1 sales of $17.22 billion, Goldman’s top line expanded 14% year over year to the second-highest quarterly level in the firm’s history and comfortably surpassed estimates of $16.97 billion. The standout driver of the quarter was record equities trading revenue, which spiked 27% YoY to $5.33 billion.
Revenue from investment banking fees also stood out, spiking 48% to $2.84 billion, driven by a surge in M&A advisory activity and stronger equity underwriting. Additionally, Asset and Wealth Management segment revenue increased 10% to $4.08 billion. That said, there were some areas where Goldman’s performance lagged, including fixed income trading revenue falling 10% YoY to $4.01 billion, and credit loss provisions were up nearly 10%, more than double analyst expectations.
Still, Goldman posted its second-highest mark in quarterly net earnings as well at $5.63 billion, a 19% increase YoY. This translated into Goldman’s second-highest quarterly EPS of $17.55, beating expectations of $16.34 by 7% and spiking 24% from $14.12 per share in Q1 2025.
Notably, Goldman has now surpassed the Zacks EPS Consensus for 10 consecutive quarters, posting an average EPS surprise of 13.09% in its last four quarterly reports.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research

Goldman has been embedding Anthropic engineers inside the bank for months, co-developing autonomous AI agents based on Anthropic’s Claude models.
These agents are being built to automate complex, high-volume, rules-driven financial tasks such as trade and transaction accounting, regulatory compliance checks, client vetting and onboarding,and document-heavy workflows that require logical reasoning.
Goldman’s CIO Marco Argenti has repeatedly confirmed the collaboration, describing Claude as a “digital co-worker” capable of handling work that previously required large teams. The strategic partnership is signaling a shift in how Wall Street approaches back-office automation, with Goldman effectively using Anthropic’s models as a foundational intelligence layer for mission-critical operations that is likely to enhance its already stellar operational efficiency.

Despite such an exhilarating rally over the last year, GS is trading at 15X forward earnings, which is roughly on par with its Zacks Financial-Investment Bank Industry average and still offers a noticeable discount to the benchmark S&P 500.
Like many of its investment banking peers, GS trades near the often preferred level of less than 2X forward sales with the S&P 500 at almost 5X.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research

Goldman Sachs just delivered one of the strongest quarters in its history and is positioning itself at the forefront of enterprise AI adoption through its deepening partnership with Anthropic. Together, this creates a compelling case for keeping Goldman’s stock in the portfolio, with GS currently landing aZacks Rank #3 (Hold).
Trading at a reasonable valuation, GS offers a respectable 1.98% annual dividend yield, and management reaffirmed confidence in long-term growth, citing strong client engagement and diversified business momentum. Furthermore, a buy rating could be on the way as EPS estimates for FY26 are likely to rise in the coming weeks and possibly for FY27 as well.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (GS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Citigroup Inc. (C) : Free Stock Analysis Report
BlackRock (BLK) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
