Title: Why Goldman Sachs Pulled Back Today
Date: 2026-04-13 20:33
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/13/why-goldman-sachs-pulled-back-today/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Despite an earnings beat, Goldman's stock pulled back after a strong recent run.
Shares of leading investment bankGoldman Sachs(GS1.87%)fell as much as 4.7% on Monday, before recovering somewhat to a 1.9% decline on the day.
Goldman delivered what appeared to be a solid earnings beat. However, there were a few key performance indicators (KPIs) that might have given some investors reasoned to be concerned.
In the first quarter, Goldman delivered a 14.4% revenue growth to $17.23 billion, with earnings per share up 24.3% to $17.55. Both figures handily beat expectations, especially the EPS figure, which beat by $1.16.
Yet despite the earnings beat, there were a few wrinkles. The first quarter saw exceptionalinvestment bankingactivity, driven by completed mergers. That figure tends to be somewhat lumpy from quarter to quarter, even though moreblockbuster IPOsare planned for later this year. Goldman also disclosed that its investment banking fee backlog declined slightly last quarter, perhaps signaling a deceleration or quarterly decline ahead.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Additionally, Goldman's provision for credit losses was slightly higher than expected, compressing its net interest income margins on a quarter-over-quarter basis. On the call, management noted that a combination of macroeconomic uncertainty, single-name impairments, and portfolio growth contributed to the higher provisions.
Despite that, CEO David Solomon also indicated that Goldman would continue to invest in private credit. That is in spite of recent market volatility in private lenders and fears over the safety of those loans. While it could be seen as a positive that Solomon remained confident in Goldman's ability to write private loans going forward, some market participants have grown wary of this sector, and might have hoped for a more conservative posture, given recent headlines.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Image source: Getty Images.
Despite today's slight pullback, Goldman's stock has had a very strong recent run, up roughly 80% over the past year and 173% over the past five years, with a price-to-earnings valuation that has risen into the high teens.
The bottom line is that there wasn't much wrong with this report, and today's pullback can be chalked up to profit-taking on a few imperfections in some of the numbers, which were by no means disastrous. Still, for long-term investors, there's no reason not to continue holding thispremier investment bank stock, especially with a slate of major IPOs coming later this year.




Before you buy stock inGoldman Sachs Group, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andGoldman Sachs Groupwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

Billy Dubersteinand/or his clients have no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Goldman Sachs Group. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

