Title: C3 Oilfield Services Adds Industry Veteran Trey Clark as Chief Executive Officer, Appoints Trey Clark and Brad Juneau to Board of Directors
Date: 2026-04-13 21:01
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/c3-oilfield-services-adds-industry-210100549.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Addition of veteran leadership to management and Board of Directors prepares C3 for meaningful growth in 2026 including new operations in the Bakken and Denver-Julesburg Basins
HOUSTON, April 13, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--C3 Oilfield Services("C3"), a leader in improved oil recovery ("IOR") and well revitalization technology, is pleased to announce the appointment ofTrey Clarkas its new Chief Executive Officer and to its Board of Directors.
Mr. Clark joins C3 with over 25 years of leadership experience in the global energy industry and a proven track record of scaling technology-focused businesses. He most recently served as Senior Vice President atMRC Globaland previously held the position of President and CEO atProbe Technologies, where he led significant expansion efforts. His extensive background also includes executive roles atHalliburtonandBaker Hughes. Mr. Clark holds an MBA fromMays Business Schooland a degree in Industrial Distribution fromTexas A&M University.
"We are thrilled to welcome Trey Clark to lead C3 into its next phase of growth," said Tadd Wallace, C3’s founder. "His deep operational expertise and proven track record in deploying advanced oilfield technologies make him the ideal leader to scale our patented wellbore remediation solutions. I am proud of what the team has accomplished and look forward to working with Trey as we grow the business to meet increasing customer demand."
C3’s patented Single Shot™ technology is a waterless service that revitalizes wells and underperforming assets. By combining a proprietary blend of NGLs and chemicals, the company helps operators tackle production issues such as condensate and water blockages, paraffin build-up, and skin damage, often yielding a sustainable boost in production.
"I am excited to join the C3 team at a time when the industry is increasingly focused on production optimization," said Mr. Clark. "C3’s deep expertise and unique technologies provide an efficient solution for operators looking to meaningfully increase production quickly and cost-effectively."
Board of Directors
In addition to Mr. Clark, C3 has appointed Brad Juneau to its Board of Directors. His extensive career in natural resource exploration and development will be invaluable as the company expands operations in additional geographies both in the United States and abroad.
Mr. Juneau is the General Partner of Juneau Exploration, L.P., a company involved in the exploration and production of oil and natural gas. In addition, he is Chief Operating Officer of Highlander Oil and Gas, a company developing ultra-deep wells in South Louisiana. Mr. Juneau currently serves as a director of Talos Energy Inc. and Contango ORE, Inc.
About C3 Oilfield Services
Founded in 2022 and headquartered inHouston, TX, C3 Oilfield Services provides innovative IOR technologies. The company’s Single Shot™ IOR system is designed to revitalize underperforming wells, deliver increased recovery, and defer the cost of abandonment.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260413599275/en/
Contacts
Media Contact:Joel FineGeneral Counseljoel.fine@lilium-holdings.com(281) 978-4533
linkedin.com/in/trey-clark-a4562320
https://c3oilfieldservices.com/
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
