Title: Did Goldman Sachs Just Declare Open Season On Software Stocks?
Date: 2026-04-13 17:05
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/13/did-goldman-sachs-just-declare-open-season-on-tech/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The prestigious investment bank just said tech stocks are oversold.
It's no secret that the software sector has had a catastrophic start to 2026.
Fears of disruption from AI innovations like Anthropic's Claude Code, and high valuations entering the year have led to a bloodbath among software-as-a-service (SaaS) stocks.
Through April 10, theiShares Expanded Tech-Software Sector ETF(NYSEMKT: IGV), which tracks top software stocks likeMicrosoft,Palantir,and Oracle,was down 30%, while theS&P 500was basically flat.
However, the SaaS sector was flying higher on Monday, nearly across the board, with the IGV up more than 4%, even as the broad market was basically flat as investors reacted to President Trump's threat to block the Strait of Hormuz.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
There wasn't any obvious catalyst for the turnaround, but a note fromGoldman Sachsmight have triggered a rotation into the sector.
Image source: Getty Images.
In an article published Friday, Goldman Sachs identified a "value opportunity" in the tech sector. Goldman's upgrades and downgrades often move stocks significantly, as the investment bank is arguably the most influential market prognosticator, so it wouldn't be surprising for the article to do the same.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Peter Oppenheimer, the chief global equity strategist at Goldman Sachs Research, said, "The underperformance of the technology sector is starting to generate attractive opportunities for investors as its valuation, relative to expected consensus growth, has fallen below that of the global aggregate market."
Goldman also observed that net debt to equity ratios remain significantly lower than the rest of the stock market, and that the premium on software stocks has fallen to its lowest level in roughly a decade.
Meanwhile, the valuation premium on the five biggest technology stocks, the heart of the "Magnificent Seven," is nearly even with the market, and the tech sector's P/E ratio is now below consumer staples and industrials, even though it's still expected to grow much faster.
Investor sentiment is impossible to predict, and the level of fear around software stocks seems especially high. Earlier this year, a blog post from Citrini Research that was essentially a thought experiment about the threat from AI was enough to cause software stocks to plunge, and seemingly every new model release from Anthropic does the same, including last week, when it said its Mythos model was so powerful and disruptive to security that it wouldn't release it.Cybersecurity stockstumbled on the news.
The iShares Software ETF hit its lowest point since 2023 on Friday even though the major companies that make up the ETF have continued to deliver strong results.
Valuations still remain stretched among a number of SaaS stocks, but there's a good argument that the sector is oversold, especially as many of these software companies seem to see AI as a tailwind.
Expect the software sector to continue to be volatile, but the IGV ETF and most of its top holdings do look oversold. Over the long term, buying today seems likely to pay off.





Before you buy stock iniShares Trust - iShares Expanded Tech-Software Sector ETF, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andiShares Trust - iShares Expanded Tech-Software Sector ETFwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

Jeremy Bowmanhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Goldman Sachs Group, Microsoft, and Palantir Technologies. The Motley Fool recommends Oracle. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

