Title: Nike Got Downgraded: Can the Iconic Brand Ever Recover?
Date: 2026-04-13 16:05
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/13/nike-got-downgraded-can-the-iconic-brand-recover/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Nike stock just got hammered by a prominent analyst's report.
Once renowned for its world-leading brands and stylish athletic designs,Nike(NKE+0.55%)has become a poster child for long-suffering stocks. The athletic apparel company's shares have lost 68% of their value in the past five years. And year to date, NKE is strongly underperforming the stocks of several rival footwear companies likeAdidas,Under Armour,Wolverine World Wide, andDeckers Outdoor.

NKEdata byYCharts
The news for Nike shareholders got worse on April 10, when investment firmPiper Sandlerdowngraded the stock. Let's look at why this Nikedowngradeis such a big deal and whether NKE could be worth adding to your portfolio.
In a research note published on Friday, April 10, Piper Sandler downgraded NKE from overweight to neutral and cut itsprice targetfrom $60 to $50 per share. Piper Sandler analyst Anna Andreeva wrote that Nike stock is "still not cheap," and given the lack of possible occasions for good news anytime soon, the stock is "likely in the penalty box for now."
Image source: Getty Images.
Andreeva's report also warned that the athleisure market is becoming more mature and saturated, with "many brands looking similar and demand driven by new entrants (like Solomon) as opposed to legacy players." Tighter competition could be bad news for Nike's market share and profit margins.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Piper Sandler is not alone in its skepticism about this stock's prospects. Out of 23 top analysts covering the company, only 12 have NKE rated as a buy.
Why are analysts souring on Nike stock? A big reason is the company's most recent quarterly earnings announcement, on March 31. For its fiscal third quarter, the company announced revenues that were flat year over year, with a 7% decline in sales in the Greater China market.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
During that quarterlyearnings call, Nike executives also offered an outlook that disappointed investors. The company expects its current fiscal fourth quarter revenues to decline by 2% to 4%, with a 20% decline expected in China. NKE shares are down more than 18% since March 31.
Nike could still turn itself around. It's an iconic company that many people think of as an innovator and tastemaker in athletic apparel. But consumers can be fickle. If people get tired of wearing cookie-cutter athleisure apparel, or if an upstart shoe company designs a hot new product that becomes popular with office workers and pickup basketball players alike, Nike's struggles could get worse. This stock is trending in the wrong direction, and I wouldn't rate it as a buy.




Before you buy stock inNike, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andNikewasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

Ben Granhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Deckers Outdoor and Nike. The Motley Fool recommends Under Armour. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.

