Title: Nike To End Adidas' 25-Year Reign As UEFA Champions League Ball Sponsor—Not A 'Silver Bullet' Says Analyst
Date: 2026-04-12 23:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/nike-end-adidas-25-reign-233120531.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Nikeis on the verge of replacingAdidas AGas the official match ball sponsor for the UEFA Champions League, thereby ending Adidas’s 25-year dominance.
Nike is in exclusive discussions to supply balls for all UEFA men’s club competitions from 2027 to 2031, including the Europa League and Conference League, the Financial Times reported on Thursday.
The deal’s value is expected to surge, potentially doubling to more than €40 million ($46.75 million) annually. This development marks a significant setback for Adidas, the Champions League ball supplier since 2001.
Don't Miss:
A single bad hire can set a startup back years. Here are the 5 hires founders most often misjudge — and why
Experts say these common ETF pitfalls can catch new investors off guard
Adidas confirmed to the publication that it would not renew its role but will continue to supply other tournaments. Meanwhile, UC3, a joint venture between UEFA and the European Club Association, told Reuters that it is in talks with Nike.
Nike did not immediately respond to Benzinga’s request for comment.
For Nike, overtaking Adidas underscores its growing ambitions in football, especially afterPuma AGreplaced it as the official match ball supplier for the Premier League this season. Nike’s CEO,Elliott Hill, during the company’s latest earnings call, highlighted football’s potential, viewing the upcoming FIFA World Cup as an opportunity to “catalyse the football marketplace for quarters to come”.
This development comes on the heels of Nike’s Q3 earnings beat. Despite flat year-over-year revenue growth, Nike managed to beat analyst estimates, with revenues of $11.28 billion and earnings of 35 cents per share. While the company’sperformance in Chinawas better than feared, that in EMEA was worse than expected.
According to analysts at Needham, China continues to be “a pressure point” due to “unhealthy inventory levels.”
See Also:Avoid the #1 Investing Mistake: How Your ‘Safe' Holdings Could Be Costing You Big Time
Amid short-term pressures, the company is actively clearing out excess classic footwear franchises to make room for fresh innovation, as noted by Hill. This move was part of a broader strategy to improve the health and quality of their business.
He said the aggressive inventory clearing created a roughly five-point drag on results but was an “intentional” and necessary step to strengthen the marketplace and support long-term growth. While the turnaround is taking longer than expected, early gains, like a 20% jump in the running category, suggest the strategy is working, according to the CEO.
Zacks Investment ResearchanalystDavid Bartosiaktold Reuters that high-profile corporate partnerships alone are not the “silver bullet” to drive a turnaround, adding they lack “meaningful innovation.”
Read Next:
Skip the Regrets: The Essential Retirement Tips Experts Wish Everyone Knew Earlier.
Thinking about ETFs? See what investment risks you should be aware of before you buy.
Image via Shutterstock
UNLOCKED: 5 NEW TRADES EVERY WEEK.Click now to get top trade ideas daily, plus unlimited access to cutting-edge tools and strategies to gain an edge in the markets.
Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga:
APPLE (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report
TESLA (TSLA): Free Stock Analysis Report
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
