Title: Here Are Monday’s Top Wall Street Analyst Research Calls: Adobe, Best Buy, Bilibili, Constellation Brands, CoreWeave, Nike, Starbucks, T-Mobile, and More
Date: 2026-04-13 10:50
URL: https://247wallst.com/investing/2026/04/13/here-are-mondays-top-wall-street-analyst-research-calls-adobe-best-buy-bilibili-constellation-brands-coreweave-nike-starbucks-t-mobile-and-more/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Investing
The first-quarter earnings season kicks off today and tomorrow, with the Money Center banks reporting.
While Wall Street is generally positive on the earnings front, forward guidance will determine the path for many stocks.
With inflation rising due to the energy shock, interest rate cuts may remain on hold until later this year.
The analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks.Get them here FREE.
Sending You to Google News in3
© Chaay_Tee / iStock via Getty Images

Futures are trading lower this morning after negotiations with Iran failed over the weekend, and President Trump indicated the U.S. will block the Strait of Hormuz. This comes as we get set to start the first-quarter earnings season this week, as the major money-center banks and brokerage firms begin to report results today and tomorrow. The stock market ended last week higher, but it was a grind, with big swings throughout. When trading ended Friday, the market posted its best week since November. All the major indices finished Friday lower, except the Nasdaq, which closed at 22,902, up 0.35%. The Dow Jones Industrials were the loss leader on Friday, closing down 0.56% to finish at 47,916,  while the Russell 2000 was last seen at 2,630, down 0.22%. The venerable S&P 500 almost broke even by the close, finishing Friday’s session down just 0.11% at 6,816.
Aftera solid week for the Treasury market, sellers returned on Friday as yields rose across the entire curve, driven by persistent worries about inflation and perceived growing geopolitical instability in the Middle East, with oil-driven inflation fears continuing to pressure the market.  Markets are adjusting to a more hawkish Federal Reserve, as traders price in higher interest rates that lower the value of existing bonds. Plus, there is a major issue for the bond market, given the mounting inflation in recent reports, that there could be no interest rate cuts in 2026. The 30-year-long bond closed Friday at 4.91%, while the benchmark 10-year note closed at 4.32%.
After a wild week across the energy complex, oil finished in positive territory for consumers, as both major benchmarks finished lower on the day, trading below the pivotal and psychological $100 level. Brent Crude closed Friday at $94.29, down 1.60%, while West Texas Intermediate finished the week at $96.57, down 1.33%. Natural gas also finished the day and the week lower, closing at $2.65, down 0.82%.
The preciousmetals complex, like all the other major sectors, finished a volatile week on a quieter note on Friday. Gold closed the session at $4,747, down 0.38%, while Silver closed modestly higher at $75.76, up 0.55%.
Crypto marketstraded in a “risk-off” mode on Friday, with Bitcoin holding above $72,000 as investors braced for inflation data that came in higher than expected. The market saw a tentative recovery following a broader corrective phase, with Ethereum holding just above key support levels while trading above the 50-day exponential moving average.The Cryptocurrency arena remains fragile and cautious as market participants analyze March’s hot Consumer Price Index (CPI) data, which indicated mounting inflationary pressure. At 7 AM EDT, Bitcoin was trading at $70,825, while Ethereum was quoted at $2, 184.
24/7 Wall St. reviewsdozens of analyst research reports daily to identify new investment ideas for both investors and traders. Some of these daily analyst calls cover stocks to buy. Other calls cover stocks to sell or avoid. Remember that no single analyst call should ever be used as a basis to buy or sell a stock.
Here aresome of the top Wall Street analyst upgrades, downgrades, and initiations seen on Monday, April 13, 2026.

Wall Street is pouring billions into AI, but most investors are buying the wrong stocks. The analyst who first identified NVIDIA as a buy back in 2010 — before its 28,000% run — has just pinpointed 10 new AI companies he believes could deliver outsized returns from here. One dominates a $100 billion equipment market. Another is solving the single biggest bottleneck holding back AI data centers. A third is a pure-play on an optical networking market set to quadruple. Most investors haven't heard of half these names.Get the free list of all 10 stocks here.
Lee Jackson has covered Wall Street analysts' equity and debt research and equity strategy daily for 24/7 Wall St. since 2012. His broad and diverse career, which included a stint as the creative services director at the NBC affiliate in Austin, Texas, gives him unique insight into the financial industry and world.
Lee Jackson's journey in the financial industry spans over 30 years, with nearly two decades as an institutional equity salesperson at Bear Stearns, Lehman Brothers, and Morgan Stanley. His career was marked by his presence on the sell side during pivotal Wall Street events, from the dot.com rise and bubble to the Long Term Capital Management debacle, 9/11, and the Great Recession of 2008. This is a testament to his resilience and adaptability in the face of market volatility.
Lee Jackson’s practical financial industry experience, acquired from a career at some of the biggest banks and brokerage firms, is complemented by a lifetime of writing on various platforms. This unique combination allows him to shed light on the intricacies and workings of Wall Street in a way that only someone with deep insider experience and knowledge can. Moreover, his extensive network across Wall Street continues to provide direct access for him and 24/7 Wall St., a privilege few firms enjoy.
Since 2012, Jackson’s work for 24/7 Wall St. has been featured in Barron’s, Yahoo Finance, MarketWatch, Business Insider, TradingView, Real Money, The Street, Seeking Alpha, Benzinga, and other media outlets. He attended the prestigious Cranbrook Schools in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, and has a degree in broadcasting from the Specs Howard School of Media Arts.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Pre-Market Stock Futures:Futures are trading lower as we start the trading week, with the fourth-quarter earnings season all but over…
Pre-Market Stock Futures:Futures are trading higher after President Trump signalled that talks with Iran are progressing positively, as we get…
Pre-Market Stock Futures:Futures are trading mixed as we get ready to kick off the first-quarter earnings season next week, and,…
Pre-Market Stock Futures:Futures are trading higher as shell-shocked traders and investors return to a holiday-shortened trading week, where all the…
Pre-Market Stock Futures:Futures are trading higher this morning after reports are circulating that President Trump wants to end the war…
Pre-Market Stock Futures:The futures are trading higher as we start the new trading week. There is an old saying, “Fool…
Pre-Market Stock Futures:Futures are trading higher as we get ready to start a holiday-shortened trading week after an outstanding triple-witching…
Pre-Market Stock Futures:Futures are trading lower as many across Wall Street breathed a semi-sigh of relief yesterday after oil futures,…
Pre-Market Stock Futures:Futures are trading higher on Friday as we prepare for the holiday-shortened week leading up to Christmas, following…
