Title: 3 Cash-Producing Stocks We Keep Off Our Radar
Date: 2026-04-13 07:40
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/3-cash-producing-stocks-keep-074001683.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
While strong cash flow is a key indicator of stability, it doesn’t always translate to superior returns. Some cash-heavy businesses struggle with inefficient spending, slowing demand, or weak competitive positioning.
Cash flow is valuable, but it’s not everything - StockStory helps you identify the companies that truly put it to work. Keeping that in mind, here are three cash-producing companies that don’t make the cut and some better opportunities instead.
What makes cash flow alone insufficient for returns?
What challenges make AT&T an unattractive investment?
Why is Zimmer Biomet's growth considered underwhelming?
Why does Nike struggle despite strong cash flow?
Trailing 12-Month Free Cash Flow Margin: 2.3%
Originally selling Japanese Onitsuka Tiger sneakers as Blue Ribbon Sports, Nike (NYSE:NKE) is a global titan in athletic footwear, apparel, equipment, and accessories.
Why Do We Think NKE Will Underperform?
Underwhelming constant currency revenue performance over the past two years suggests its product offering at current prices doesn’t resonate with customers
Free cash flow margin is expected to increase by 1.6 percentage points next year, suggesting the company will have more capital to invest or return to shareholders
Eroding returns on capital from an already low base indicate that management’s recent investments are destroying value
Nike is trading at $42.68 per share, or 26.9x forward P/E.To fully understand why you should be careful with NKE, check out our full research report (it’s free).
Trailing 12-Month Free Cash Flow Margin: 15.5%
Founded by Alexander Graham Bell, AT&T (NYSE:T) is a multinational telecomm conglomerate providing a range of communications and internet services.
Why Should You Dump T?
Sales were flat over the last five years, indicating it’s failed to expand its business
Earnings per share fell by 7.9% annually over the last five years while its revenue was flat, showing each sale was less profitable
Capital intensity will likely ramp up in the next year as its free cash flow margin is expected to contract by 1.4 percentage points
AT&T’s stock price of $26.48 implies a valuation ratio of 11.7x forward P/E.Dive into our free research report to see why there are better opportunities than T.
Trailing 12-Month Free Cash Flow Margin: 14.2%
With a history dating back to 1927 and a presence in over 100 countries worldwide, Zimmer Biomet (NYSE:ZBH) designs and manufactures orthopedic products including knee and hip replacements, surgical tools, and robotic technologies for joint reconstruction and spine surgeries.
Why Is ZBH Not Exciting?
4.5% annual revenue growth over the last five years was slower than its healthcare peers
Estimated sales growth of 3.9% for the next 12 months implies demand will slow from its two-year trend
ROIC of 4.1% reflects management’s challenges in identifying attractive investment opportunities
At $93.50 per share, Zimmer Biomet trades at 11.1x forward P/E.Read our free research report to see why you should think twice about including ZBH in your portfolio, it’s free.
ALSO WORTH WATCHING: Top 5 Momentum Stocks.The best time to own a great stock is when the market is finally noticing it. These aren't just high-quality businesses. Something is happening with them right now. Elite fundamentals meeting near-term momentum — both boxes checked at the same time.
Find out which stocks our AI platform is flagging this week. See this week's Strong Momentum stocks — FREE.Get Our Strong Momentum Stocks for Free HERE.
Stocks that made our list in 2020 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+1,326% between June 2020 and June 2025) as well as under-the-radar businesses like the once-micro-cap company Kadant (+351% five-year return).Find your next big winner with StockStory today.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
