Title: Nike downgraded, Starbucks upgraded: Wall Street's top analyst calls
Date: 2026-04-13 13:58
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/netflix-resumed-starbucks-downgraded-wall-133343741.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
The most talked about and market moving research calls around Wall Street are now in one place. Here are today's research calls that investors need to know, as compiled by The Fly.Top 5 Upgrades:
Jefferies upgradedStarbucks(SBUX)to Hold from Underperform with a price target of $92, up from $86. The firm cites the company's less international exposure now that China is franchised and a stabilizing U.S. business for the upgrade.
TD Cowen upgradedConstellation Brands(STZ)to Buy from Hold with a price target of $190, up from $142. The firm views the company's fiscal 2027 beer guidance as "overly conservative" and sees upside from easing compares, World Cup benefits, and subsiding pressure on Hispanic consumers.
KeyBanc upgradedT-Mobile(TMUS)to Overweight from Sector Weight with a $260 price target. The firm sees accelerating organic EBITDA growth with "upside levers" for T-Mobile.
Macquarie upgradedCoreWeave(CRWV)to Outperform from Neutral with a price target of $125, up from $90. Macquarie believes CoreWeave will "increasingly become a structural player into the next decade, as opposed to a stopgap on balance sheet financing, GPU risk."
TD Securities upgradedTempus AI(TEM)to Buy from Hold with a price target of $65, down from $70. The shares are down over 50% in the last six months while the company's fundamentals have strengthened, the firm tells investors in a research note.
Top 5 Downgrades:
HSBC downgradedNike(NKE)to Hold from Buy with a price target of $48, down from $90. The firm says the company's turnaround is now a "show me story with no short-term catalysts."
Goldman Sachs double downgradedBest Buy(BBY)to Sell from Buy with a price target of $59, down from $76. The firm sees risk the company's sales post the Q1 report as higher memory costs start to work their way into the price of laptops and computers.
Goldman Sachs downgradedPetco(WOOF)to Neutral from Buy with an unchanged price target of $3.83. The company has improved its margins and free cash flow, but its sales growth "is still a show-me story," the firm tells investors in a research note.
BofA downgradedNXP Semiconductors(NXPI)to Neutral from Buy with a price target of $230, down from $245. While the firm likes NXP's strength in high-value advanced driver assist systems, radar, and zonal processors, it notes the company's lack of AI products, limited EV leverage, planned exit from high margin communications infrastructure/RF, and higher exposure to consumer phones that could be pressured by constrained memory supply.
H.C. Wainwright double downgradedReplimune(REPL)to Sell from Buy without a price target after the FDA issued another complete response letter for RP1 plus Opdivo in anti-PD1 failed melanoma patients. JPMorgan also downgraded the name to Underweight, while Wedbush, Jefferies, Cantor Fitzgerald and Leerink cut the stock to Neutral-equivalent ratings.
Top 5 Initiations:
BTIG initiated coverage ofAdobe(ADBE)with a Neutral rating and no price target. The firm says AI is "raising a host of questions about the future of the creative ecosystem."
Wells Fargo initiated coverage ofChime(CHYM)with an Overweight rating and $25 price target. Wells is bullish on the company's execution and sees upside potential to Q1 estimates.
Leerink initiated coverage ofZimmer Biomet(ZBH)with a Market Perform rating and $10 price target. The firm sees limited near-term upside ahead of the company's "more meaningful" catalysts in 2027.
Leerink initiated coverage ofStryker(SYK)with an Outperform rating and $410 price target. The firm says Stryker offers a compelling combination of high-quality growth, top-tier commercial execution, and an attractive portfolio of products within large cap MedTech.
BTIG initiated coverage ofFigma(FIG)with a Neutral rating and no price target. The firm says the degree to which AI monetization can be a durable growth driver for Figma "remains ambiguous."
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
